" only a relative handful of such reports was received", the jury said," considering the widespread interest in the election, the number of voters and the size of this city".
 it recommended that Fulton legislators act" to have these laws studied and revised to the end of modernizing and improving them".
 the jurors said they realize" a proportionate distribution of these funds might disable this program in our less populous counties".
 #WARDS PROTECTED# The jury said it found the court" has incorporated into its operating procedures the recommendations" of two previous grand juries, the Atlanta Bar Association and an interim citizens committee.
 while emphasizing that technical details were not fully worked out, Pelham said his resolution would seek to set aside the privilege resolution which the House voted through 87-31.
 many local citizens feared that there would be irregularities at the polls, and Williams got himself a permit to carry a gun and promised an orderly election.
 _AUSTIN, TEXAS_- Senators unanimously approved Thursday the bill of Sen& George Parkhouse of Dallas authorizing establishment of day schools for the deaf in Dallas and the four other largest counties.
 it would authorize the Texas Education Agency to establish county-wide day schools for the deaf in counties of 300,000 or more population, require deaf children between 6 and 13 years of age to attend the day schools, permitting older ones to attend the residential Texas School for the Deaf here.
 #@# { WITHOUT DISSENT }, senators passed a bill by Sen& A& R& Schwartz of Galveston authorizing establishment in the future of a school for the mentally retarded in the Gulf Coast district.
 one, by Sen& Louis Crump of San Saba, would aid more than 17,000 retailers who pay a group of miscellaneous excise taxes by eliminating the requirement that each return be notarized.
 the bill's defenders were mostly small-town legislators like J& W& Buchanan of Dumas, Eligio ( Kika ) de la Garza of Mission, Sam F& Collins of Newton and Joe Chapman of Sulphur Springs.
 state and federal legislation against racial discrimination in employment was called for yesterday in a report of a" blue ribbon" citizens committee on the aid to dependent children program.
 he said evidence was obtained" in violation of the legal rights of citizens".
" this is not a program of socialized medicine.
 legislators who last year opposed placing aged-care under the social security system criticized the President's plan.
 _OSLO_ The most positive element to emerge from the Oslo meeting of North Atlantic Treaty Organization Foreign Ministers has been the freer, franker, and wider discussions, animated by much better mutual understanding than in past meetings.
 this has been a working session of an organization that, by its very nature, can only proceed along its route step by step and without dramatic changes.
 #CONFLICT SURVEYED# The secretary's greatest achievement is perhaps the rekindling of NATO realization that East-West friction, wherever it take place around the globe, is in essence the general conflict between two entirely different societies, and must be treated as such without regard to geographical distance or lack of apparent connection.
 the annual spring meeting has given an impetus in three main directions: more, deeper, and more timely political consultation within the alliance, the use of the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development ( when ratified ) as a method of coordinating aid to the underdeveloped countries, and the need for strengthening conventional forces as well as the maintenance of the nuclear deterrent.
 again and again it asked the Communists to" freeze" the military situation in Laos.
 and after several correspondents went into Pathet Lao territory and exposed the huge build-up, administration spokesmen acclaimed them for performing a" great service" and laid the matter before the Southeast Asia Treaty Organization.
 the administration declared itself in favor of a neutralized Laos.
 in an important assertion of national leadership in this field, he has issued an executive order establishing the President's committee on Juvenile Delinquency and Crime, to be supported and assisted by a Citizens Advisory Council of recognized authorities on juvenile problems.
 East Providence should organize its civil defense setup and begin by appointing a full-time director, Raymond H& Hawksley, the present city CD head, believes.
 along with a director, the city should provide a CD headquarters so that pertinent information about the local organization would be centralized.
 if the city council fails to consider appointment of a full-time CD director, Mr& Hawksley said, then he plans to call a meeting early in September so that a civil defense organization will be developed locally.
 one of the first things he would do, he said, would be to organize classes in first aid.
 he said he favors wage increases for workers-" but manufacturers are caught in a profit squeeze"- and raises should only come when the public is conditioned to higher prices, he added.
 William A& Martinelli, chairman of the Citizens Group of Johnston, transferred the petitions from his left hand to his right hand after the council voted to accept them at the suggestion of Council President Raymond Fortin Sr&.
 mr& Martinelli said yesterday that the Citizens Group of Johnston will meet again July 24 to plan further strategy in the charter movement.
" it has become our responsibility and I hope that the Citizens Group will spearhead the movement".
 misunderstanding of the real meaning of a home rule charter was cited as a factor which has caused the Citizens Group to obtain signatures under what were termed" false pretenses".
 at the last session of the General Assembly, the town was authorized to adopt such an ordinance as a means of making enforcement of minor offenses more effective.
 he said Mitchell is against the centralization of government in Washington but looks to the Kennedy Administration for aid to meet New Jersey school and transportation crises.
" he calls for help while saying he is against centralization, but you can n't have it both ways", Jones said.
 Sheeran, a lawyer and former FBI man is running against the Republican organization's candidate, Freeholder William MacDonald, for the vacancy left by the resignation of Neil Duffy, now a member of the State Board of Tax Appeals.
 he also expanded and modernized the radio system with a central control station.
 at the same time reaction among anti-organization Democratic leaders and in the Liberal party to the Mayor 's reported plan was generally favorable.
 some anti-organization Democrats saw in the program an opportunity to end the bitter internal fight within the Democratic party that has been going on for the last three years.
 the resentment among Democratic organization leaders to the reported Wagner plan was directed particularly at the Mayor's efforts to name his own running mates without consulting the leaders.
 their view is that last-minute changes the Mayor is proposing to make in the Democratic ticket only emphasize the weakness of his performance as Mayor.
 apparently he believes Mr& Buckley holds the key to the Democratic organization's acceptance of his choices for running mates without a struggle.
 a succession of highly publicized scandals has aroused the public within the last year.
 no religious group, he declared in an interview, will receive Peace Corps funds unless it forswears all proselytizing on the project it proposes.
 the report was completed after nearly eighteen months of work on the question of the organization of the United Nations.
 the jobs formula is understood to follow these lines: _@_ Each of the organization 's ninety-nine members would get two professional posts, such as political affairs officer, a department head or an economist, to start.
 Prince Souvanna Phouma, leader of the nation's neutralists and recognized as Premier by the Communist bloc, and Prince Souphanouvong, head of the pro-Communist Pathet Lao forces.
 even for those who have been observing the political scene a long time, no script from the past is worth very much in gazing into the state's immediate political future.
 this might be done to arouse those who have been squeezed out by the trims to exert pressure on the Legislature, so it would be more receptive to a tax proposal later in the year.
 a constant problem confronting Davis on any proposals for new taxes will be the charge by his foes that he has not tried to economize.
 the Philadelphia Transportation Co& is investigating the part its organization played in reviewing the project.
 #CONCERN BANKRUPT# The Hughes company and the Consolidated Industries, Inc&, both of 3646 N& 2d st&, filed for reorganization under the Federal bankruptcy law.
 on Monday, the Hughes concern was formally declared bankrupt after its directors indicated they could not draw up a plan for reorganization.
 #COMMISSIONER REPLIES# Mrs& Knauer said she did not think dog owners should be penalized for the city's services to animal care.
 the commission also approved a novel plan that would eliminate traffic hazards for pedestrians in the project.
 #WOULD BAR VEHICLES# The plan for eliminating traffic hazards for pedestrians was developed by Dr& Constantinos A& Doxiadis, former Minister of Reconstruction in Greece and a consulting planner for the New Eastwick Corp&.
 #LED FIGHT ON TEAMSTERS# Gladden has been an outspoken critic of the present city administration and led his union's battle against the teamsters, which began organizing city firemen in 1959.
 the dinner is sponsored by organized labor and is scheduled for 7 p&m&.
 the third belief, in six points, emphasizes the Diety of the Lord Jesus Christ, and: - emphasizes the Virgin birth - the sinless life of Christ - His miracles - His substitutionary work on the cross - His bodily resurrection from the dead - and His exaltation to the right hand of God.
 #CHURCH LOSES PACE# Talking of the rapid population growth ( upwards of 12,000 babies born daily ) with an immigrant entering the United States every 1-1 minutes, he said" our organization has not been keeping pace with this challenge".
 Whitey Herzog, performing in right as the Orioles fielded possibly their strongest team of the spring, worked Keegan for a base on balls.
 #SEEKS" IMPROVED FIELDING"# The rangy, Albany ( Cal& ) native, a surprise slugging sensation for the Flock last year as well as a defensive whiz, set" improved fielding" as his 1961 goal.
 _AUSTIN, TEXAS_- A Texas halfback who does n't even know the team's plays, Eldon Moritz, ranks fourth in Southwest Conference scoring after three games.
 time stands still every time Moritz, a 26-year-old Army Signal Corps veteran, goes into the field.
 Moritz does n't even have a nose guard or hip pads but he 's one of the most valuable members of the Longhorn team that will be heavily favored Saturday over Oklahoma in the Cotton Bowl.
 Moritz is listed on the Longhorn roster as a right halfback, the position at which he lettered on the 1956 team.
 a 208-pound, 6-foot 1-inch senior from Stamford, Moritz practices nothing but place-kicking.
" this year, coach Royal told me if I 'd work on my place-kicking he thought he could use me", said Moritz.
 Moritz was bothered during the first two games this year by a pulled muscle in the thigh of his right ( kicking ) leg and, as a result, several of his successful conversions have gone barely far enough.
 Moritz said Monday his leg feels fine and, as a result, he hopes to start practicing field goals this week.
 Moritz came to Texas in 1954 but his freshman football efforts were hampered by a knee injury.
 place kicking is largely a matter of timing, Moritz declared.
 Moritz, however, kicks only about 10 or 12 extra points during each practice session.
 #HUDDLE HEARSAY#- Held out of { Texas Tech's } sweat-suits drill Monday at Lubbock was tackle { Richard Stafford }, who is undergoing treatment for a leg injury suffered in the Raiders' 38-7 loss to Texas A + M **h Because of its important game with Arkansas coming up Saturday, { Baylor } worked out in the rain Monday- mud or no mud **h End { Gene Raesz }, who broke a hand in the Owl's game with LSU, was back working out with { Rice } Monday, and { John Nichols }, sophomore guard, moved back into action after a week's idleness with an ankle injury **h The { Texas Aggies } got a day off Monday- a special gift from Coach Jim Myers for its conference victory last Saturday night, but Myers announced that halfback { George Hargett }, shaken up in the Tech game, would not play against Trinity Saturday **h Halfback { Bud Priddy }, slowed for almost a month by a slowly-mending sprained ankle, joined { TCU's } workout Monday.
 { rookie Ron Nischwitz continued his pinpoint pitching Monday night as the Bears made it two straight over Indianapolis, 5-3 }.
 it was Nischwitz' third straight victory of the new season and ran the Grizzlies' winning streak to four straight.
 { Nischwitz fanned six and walked only Charley Hinton in the third inning.
 the Bears added two more in the fifth when McAuliffe dropped a double into the leftfield corner, Paschal doubled down the rightfield line and Cooke singled off Phil Shartzer's glove.
 { Nischwitz was working on a 3-hitter when the Indians bunched three of their eight hits for two runs in the sixth.
 Chico Ruiz made a spectacular play on Alusik's grounder in the hole in the fourth and Wert came up with some good stops and showed a strong arm at third base.
 Ritchie walked up to him at the magazine stand.
 yes, with Bob Grove, Carl Hubbell, Herb Pennock, Art Nehf, Vernon Gomez, et al. { Spahn not only is a superior pitcher but a gentlemanly fine fellow, a ball player's ball player, as they say in the trade }.
 Hector Lopez, subbing for Berra, smashed a 3-run homer off Bill Henry during another 5-run explosion in the fourth.
 momentarily the Reds were back in the ball game, trailing only 6-3, but the drive fizzled when John Edwards fouled out with men on second and third and two out.
 bill Mazeroski, the World Series hero of the Pittsburgh Pirates, and Casey Stengel, the former manager of the Yankees.
 Mazeroski, whose homer beat the Yankees in the final series game, will receive the Babe Ruth Award as the outstanding player in the 1960 world series.
 Graham will be recognized for his meritorious service to baseball and will get the William J& Slocum Memorial Award.
 the 53-year-old Shea, a prominent corporation lawyer with a sports background, is generally recognized as the man most responsible for the imminent return of a National League club to New York.
 a big-league municipal stadium at Flushing Meadow Park is in the works, and once the lease is signed the local club will be formally recognized by Commissioner Ford C& Frick.
 #GOLF 'S GOLDEN BOY# ARNOLD PALMER has been a blazing figure in golf over the past twelve months.
 he won the Masters, the United States Open and a record $80,738 in prize money.
 he merely became victimized by a form of athletics that respects no one and aggravates all.
 then the pixies and the zombies took over while the banshees wailed in the distance.
 so he wound up with a dozen.
 Palmer's dozen were honestly earned.
 Pete Rozelle, the league commissioner, pointed out:" we 'll have the problem of baseball at one end and weather at the other".
 they have the same men, no age problem, no injuries and they also have Vinegar Bend Mizell for the full season, along with Bobby Shantz".
 pirate Manager Danny Murtaugh said he had n't decided between Mizell and Vern Law for Wednesday's game.
 Mizell has won both of his starts.
 bill Mazeroski with .179 and Hal Smith with .143 were the only Pirates dragging their feet.
 Stengel inherited DiMaggio, Rizzuto, but HE brought up Mantle from Class C to the majors, from Joplin to New York.
 Willie's wonderful walloping Sunday- four home runs- served merely to emphasize how happy he is to be playing for Alvin Dark.
 only the families and a dozen close friends will be present.
 WITH loud huzzahs for the artistic success of the Presbyterian-St& Luke's Fashion show still ringing in her ears, its director, Helen Tieken Geraghty [ Mrs& Maurice P& Geraghty ] is taking off tomorrow on a 56 day world trip which should earn her even greater acclaim as director of entertainment for next summer's International Trade fair.
 LYON AROUND: columnist Walter Winchell, well and rat-a-tat-tatty again, wheeled thru town between trains yesterday en route to his Phoenix, Ariz&, rancho, portable typewriter in hand.
 **h Pretty Sunny Ainsworth, the ex-Mrs& Tommy Manville and the ex-Mrs& Bud Arvey, joined Playboy-Show-Biz Illustrated, as a promotional copy writer.
 she 's a whiz.
 **h Whee the People: lovely Thrush Annamorena gave up a promising show biz career to apply glamor touches to her hubby, Ray Lenobel's fur firm here.
 **h Best Bet for Tonight: that darlin' dazzler from Paree, Genevieve, opening in the Empire room.
 Albert John Luthuli, awarded a Nobel prize for his South African integration struggles, has to get permission to fly to collect his honor.
 hmpf **h But on to the frothier side **h Johnny Weissmuller, the only real Tarzan, telephoned Maureen O 'Sullivan, his first" Jane" [ now at Drury Lane, and muttered," Me Tarzan, this Jane"?
 everywhere he went in town, people sidled up, gave him the guttural bit or broke into a frightening Tarzan yodel.
 he kids his Tarzan roles more than anyone.
 **h Jean Fardulli's Blue Angel is the first top local club to import that crazy new dance, the Twist.
 **h A cheer here for Francis Lorenz, state treasurer, who will meet with the probate advisory board of the Chicago Bar association, for suggestions on how to handle the opening of safety deposit boxes after somebody dies.
 { mrs& John C& Vroman Jr}& of Manzanola is spending several days in her Sherman Plaza apartment.
 my husband and I, a month ahead of the rush, have just finished a 7-day motor journey of 2809 miles from Tucson, Ariz&, to New York City: #SET FOR INFLUX# I can testify that motels, service and comfort stations ( they go together like Scots and heather ), dog wagons, roadside restaurants, souvenir stands and snake farms are braced and waiting.
 motorists like myself who can remember the old" tourists accommodated" signs on farm houses and village homes before World War 2, can only marvel at the great size and the luxury of the relatively new and fast-grossing motel business.
 they will live at 2705 Fitzhugh after a wedding trip to Corpus Christi.
 #BASIN STREET BEAT# But she does indicate festivities will start early, that a jazz combo will" give with the Basin Street beat" during the cocktail and dinner hours and that Lester Lanin's orchestra will take over during the dancing.
 Louis Glazer is chairman of the men's committee that, among other jobs, takes over part of the responsibility for staffing the shop during its evening hours.
 the Troop is proud of its camping-out program- on year-round schedule and was continued even when sub-zero temperatures were registered during the past winter.
 mr& Shoettle has agreed to do a portrait of the family of the person who wins the door prize.
 #OTHERS ASSISTING# Mrs& Jerome Blum and Mrs& Meyer Schultz are co-chairmen this year.
 also Mrs& Berton Korman, Mrs& Morton Rosen, Mrs& Jacques Zinman, Mrs& Evelyn Rosen, Mrs& Henry Schultz, Mr& and Mrs& I& S& Kamens, Mrs& Jack Langsdorf, Mrs& Leonard Liss, Mrs& Gordon Blumberg, Mrs& Oscar Bregman, Mrs& Alfred Kershbaum and Mrs& Edward Sabol.
 mr& and Mrs& Frederick Heinze are entertaining Mr& Walter Lehner, of Vienna;
 the large municipal hall was ablaze with color, which shown out from the bright array of chic ballgowns worn by those participating in the" maskers' dances".
 doctors at the hospital said he was partially paralyzed on the right side.
 the Councilman, who is the Administration floor leader, also criticized Bernard L& Werner, public works director, for" halting snow operations" on Tuesday night after the Sunday storm.
 recounting personal observations of clearance work, the Councilman cited instances of inefficient use of equipment or supplies by poorly trained workers and urged that plow blades be set so they do not leave behind a thin layer of snow which eventually freezes.
 trooper J& A& Grzesiak spotted the wanted car, with three boys, at a Route 2 service station, just outside Annapolis.
 the trial will be held, probably the first week of March, in the famous Old Bailey central criminal court where Klaus Fuchs, the naturalized British German born scientist who succeeded in giving American and British atomic bomb secrets to Russia and thereby changed world history during the 1950s, was sentenced to 14 years in prison.
 thru development, the reactor and its steam turbines had been reduced greatly in size, and also in complexity, allowing a single propeller to be used, the navy said.
 returning to the school crossing, the officer was informed by the Sisk boy that he recognized the driver, a neighbor, and had obtained the license number.
 McNair, 25, was seized March 20 with four Cubans and accused of trying to land a boatload of rifles in Pinar del Rio, about 35 miles from Havana.
 among them were a number of newsmen, including Henry Raymont, of United Press International, and Robert Berrellez, of Associated Press.
 some church leaders, both clerical and lay, have criticized the university for not taking the lead in desegregation.
" as a private institution, supported by generous individuals, Emory University will recognize no obligation and will adopt no policy that would conflict with its purpose to promote excellence in scholarship and Christian education.
 **h" When and if it can do so without jeopardizing constitutional and statutory tax-exemption privileges essential to the maintenance of its educational program and facilities, Emory University will consider applications of persons desiring to study or work at the University without regard to race, color or creed, continuing university policy that all applications shall be considered on the basis of intellectual and moral standards and other criteria designed to assure the orderly and effective conduct of the university and the fulfillment of its mission as an institution of Christian higher education".
 over the weekend, Mrs& Self, personnel clerk, was a feted and honored guest of the Atlanta Club, organization of women employes at City Hall.
 #BOARD OKS PACT# The commission, meeting for the first time with both of its newly-appointed commissioners, Roy Webster, of Hood River, and Dr& Ennis Keizer, of North Bend, approved a year's contract for a consultant in the data processing department who has been the center of considerable controversy in the past.
 but he emphasized that the agency must train people within its own employ to fulfill what Field handles, and he said he personally" regrets very much that the agency has not done this in the past".
 the wife of convicted bank robber Lawrence G& Huntley was arrested in Phoenix, Ariz&, last week and will be returned to Portland to face charges of assault and robbery, Portland detectives said Friday.
 a daughter, Mrs& Sidney S& Stein Jr&, Dorenzo, Calif&;
 a sister, Mrs& Birdie Gevurtz;
 the" pocket-size" company set records with $2,170 in sales of its products, a selection of barbecue spices, and paid stockholders a 20 per cent dividend on their investment.
 for winning Larson will receive a $100 U&S& Savings Bond from the Junior Achievement national organization.
 blue ribbon for one dozen white eggs was taken by Nyberg.
 John Pezza, 69, of 734 Hartford Avenue, Providence, complained of shoulder pains after an accident in which a car he was driving collided with a car driven by Antonio Giorgio, 25, of 12 DeSoto St&, Providence, on Greenville Avenue and Cherry Hill Road in Johnston yesterday.
 mr& Giorgio had started to turn left off Greenville Avenue onto Cherry Hill Road when his car was struck by the Pezza car, police said.
 mr& Pezza was taken to a nearby Johnston physician, Dr& Allan A& DiSimone, who treated him.
 squeezed into the few cubic feet normally filled by the rocket's automatic guidance mechanism, the scientist waited while the bomber gained altitude.
 dr& Albert Schweitzer, world-famous theologian and medical missionary, has endorsed an Easter March for Disarmament which begins tomorrow in Sunnyvale.
 members of the San Francisco American Friends Service, a Quaker organization, will march to San Francisco for a rally in Union Square at 2 p& m& Saturday.
 in a letter to the American Friends Service, Dr& Schweitzer wrote:" leading Nations of the West and of the East keep busy making newer nuclear weapons to defend themselves in the event the constantly threatening nuclear war should break out.
 Jerome Leavitt, a partner in the Union Liquor company, 3247 S& Kedzie av&, Dominic Senese, a teamster union slugger who is a buddy of Stein and a cousin of Tony Accardo, onetime gang chief;
 #a $12,500 PAYMENT# Leavitt, as he entered the jury room, said he was prepared to answer questions about the $12,500 his liquor firm paid to Stein for" labor consultant work" with five unions which organized Leavitt's workers.
 Curtis Allen Huff, 41, of 1630 Lake av&, Wilmette, was arrested yesterday on a suppressed federal warrant charging him with embezzling an undetermined amount of money from the First Federal Savings and Loan association, 1 S& Dearborn st&, where he formerly was employed as an attorney.
 #LIEN PAYMENTS INVOLVED# Huff's attorney, Antone F& Gregorio, quoted his client as saying that part of the embezzlement represented money paid to Huff, as attorney for the loan association, in satisfaction of mechanic's liens on property on which the association held mortgages.
 _BONN, OCT& 24 ( UPI)_- Greece and West Germany have ratified an agreement under which Germany will pay $28,700,000 to Greek victims of Nazi persecution, it was announced today.
 there was even a cable in French from a bank in Switzerland that had somehow learned about the Dallas stock offering.
 but today many of those men are reaching retirement age and suddenly realizing that they face an estate tax problem with their closely held companies and also that they have no second-echelon management in their firms.
 cotton processing equipment is a sizable segment of Dallas business economy.
 new car sales in Dallas County during March showed slight signs of recovering from the doldrums which have characterized sales this year.
 bill Burke, Tommie Freeman, and Lawrence Paschall of N& R& Crozier Tech& Paulah Thompson, Gerald Kestner, and Nancy Stephenson of Hillcrest;
 the executive paid tribute to research and development and technology for their great contributions in the past, but he also cautioned industry that they tend to be great equalizers because they move at a fairly even pace within an industry and fail to give it the short-term advantage which it often needs.
 _ELBURN, ILL&_- Farm machinery dealer Bob Houtz tilts back in a battered chair and tells of a sharp pickup in sales:" we 've sold four corn pickers since Labor Day and have good prospects for 10 more.
 Gus Ehlers, competitor of Mr& Houtz in this farm community, says his business since August 1 is running 50% above a year earlier.
 although the Administration's program cut crop acreage to the lowest point since 1934, farmers, with the help of extra fertilizer and good weather, are getting such high yields per acre that many are being forced to buy new harvesting machines.
 #TWO OF THREE REPORT GAINS# Among individual dealers questioned in nearly a score of states, two out of three report their sales since August 1 show sizable gains from a year earlier, with the increases ranging from 5% to 50%.
 such" depletion allowances", in the form of percentages of sales are authorized by tax law for specified raw materials producers using up their assets.
 } the Service announced that taxpayers making such claims may be called on to furnish a statement from the recipient organization showing the date, purpose, amount and other particulars of the contribution.
 #@# { STATE BRIEFS: } voters in four counties containing and bordering Denver authorized the imposition of an additional 2% sales tax within that area.
 the court held that the tax applied to non-profit sales because the corporations realized economic benefits by doing business as two separate entities.
 Sydney Wragge, creator of sophisticated casuals for women and Roger Vivier, designer of Christian Dior shoes Paris, France, whose squared toes and lowered heels have revolutionized the shoe industry.
" pretty much hamburger, hotdogs, steak and, at night, maybe pizza", says the handsome food expert.
 walnut, wormy chestnut, pecan, three varieties of burl, hand-woven Philippine cane, ceramic tiles, marble are used to emphasize the feeling of texture and of permanence, the furniture to fit into rooms with tiled floors, brick or paneled walls, windows that bring in the outdoors.
 mellow bronzy-green-gold fabrics and the gleam of copper and hand-crafted ceramic accessories reiterate the mood as does the Alexander Smith carpet in all wool loop pile.
 a& F& Schmalzried, secretary;
 mrs& Alice H& Reese, wife of an engineer and mother of a 23-year-old son, was awarded the top prize at a luncheon in the Beverly Hilton Hotel.
 second grand prize of $5,000 went to Mrs& Clara L& Oliver for her Hawaiian coffee ring, a rich yeast bread with coconut filling and vanilla glaze.
 giving up the violin opened a whole new career for Ilona Schmidl-Seeberg, a tiny Hungarian who Fritz Kreisler had predicted would have a promising career on the concert stage.
 what most people do n't seem to realize, if they are n't tied up with the thing as I am, is that 90% of the problem is transportation.
 I never dreamed of the logistical difficulties involved until, at long last, both of my boys got squeezed into high school.
 also noted are the marriages of Elizabeth Browning, daughter of the George L& Brownings, to Austin C& Smith Jr&;
 #MORE NEW ADDRESSES# Judge and Mrs& Julian Hazard are now at Laguna Beach, while the Frank Wangemans have moved from Beverly Hills to New York, where he is general manager of the Waldorf-Astoria Hotel.
 the Geddes MacGregors, formerly of Scotland, and Mr& and Mrs& Werner H& Althaus, formerly of Switzerland.
 if the puppets are of uniform size, you can change them in accord with your child's whims.
 { HOTEL ESCAPE 'S } Bonanza room has a real bonanza in its new attraction, the versatile" Kings 4, Plus Two".
 this is the strongest act to hit the area in a long while- a well integrated, fast moving outfit specializing in skits, vocals, comedy and instrumentals all of it distinctly displaying the pro touch.
 net result is some crazy-wonderful nonsense, part of which can be classed as pure slapstick }.
" skip" Hovarter back in town from a summer in the Reno-Lake Tahoe area where he ran into Rusty Warren, Kay Martin, the Marskmen and Tune Toppers- all pulling good biz, he says.
 he skips around from jazz, to blues to boogie- accompanying himself on piano and frequently pulling the customers in on the act.
 { latter domain, under the guidance of Chef Tom Yokel, will specialize in steaks, chops, chicken and prime beef as well as Tom's favorite dish, stuffed shrimp }.
 ) @ #FACES IN PLACES# { PUALANI } and Randy Avon, Dave Searles, George ( Papa ) Gill, Al Bandish, Jim Morgart, Bob Neil at the Mouse trap **h Billy and Jean Moffett at the Rickshaw **h Bea Morley, Jimmy Fazio, Jim O 'Hare, Ralph Michaels, Bill and Evelyn Perry at the Escape.
 also set for appearances at the auditorium this season are:" American Ballet Theatre" on Jan& 27," Ximenez-Vargas Ballet Espagnol" on Feb& 2;
 #@# { THE OUTSTANDING } family of { Central Nazarene Church } will be picked by ballot from among eight families during the 10:45 a&m& Sunday service marking National Family Week.
 pianists Leon Fleisher, Ruth Slenczynka and Stephen Bishop and conductor Earl Bernard Murray.
 #HIT# Alla Sizova, who seems to have made a special hit in the East, was delightful as the lady Bluebird and her partner, Yuri Soloviev, was wonderfully virile, acrobatic, and poetic all at the same time, in a tradition not unlike that of Nijinsky.
 the production, designed by Simon Virsaladze, was completely traditional but traditional in the right way.
 he was getting the feel of the room for a concert tomorrow night for Puerto Rico Governor Luis Munoz Marin.
 week in, week out, there is more sex to be seen in" The Adventures of Ozzie and Harriet".
 #@# THE MAN STUCK the nozzle in the gas tank.
 AFTER PAYING tribute to the conductor and his white-clad youthful students, President Kennedy said," As an American I have the greatest possible pride in the work that is being done in dozens of schools stretching across the United States- schools where devoted teachers are studying with interested young men and women and opening up the whole wide horizon of serious music".
 they came together in the huge, high-ceilinged Council Chamber to hear the late leader eulogized.
 anticipated heavy traffic along the Skyline Drive failed to materialize yesterday, park rangers said, and those who made the trip got a leisurely view of the fall colors through skies swept clear of haze.
 u& S& willingness to accept a neutral Laos may have led Premier Khrushchev to believe that other areas could be" neutralized" on Soviet terms.
 apparently at the insistence of the U& S&, the simultaneous announcements issued in Washington and Moscow last Friday emphasized the" informal" nature of the meeting.
 but those who were in favor of the meeting felt that a frank exchange between the two men and an opportunity to size one another up would prove salutary.
 there can be no doubt that the American Catholic accomplishment in the field of higher education is most impressive: our European brethren never cease to marvel at the number and the size of our colleges and universities.
 by way of explanation we ourselves are prone to imagine that this achievement stems from the same American Catholic zeal and generosity which brought the parochial school system into existence.
 had it not been for such private enterprise, diocesan authorities might of course have been goaded into establishing institutions subsidized by diocesan funds and parish collections and staffed by religious as paid employees.
 but with today's demand for professional qualifications and specialized training, the need for" outsiders" become more pressing.
 today however, the" outsider" is likely to have professional qualifications of the highest order ( otherwise the college would not be interested in hiring him ) and to be acclimatized to the democratic processes of the secular or state university.
 and while no one expects total democracy on the academic scene, the scholar will be particularly sensitive to a line between first and second class citizenship drawn on any basis other than that of academic rank or professional achievement.
 it is natural that he should turn for his major support to a select and dedicated few from the organization which actually owns the university and whose goals are, in their opinion, identified with its highest good and ( to use that oft-repeated phrase ) ' the attainment of excellence '".
 the pattern here pictured is clearly not peculiar to Notre Dame: it is simply that the paradox involved in this kind of control of the institution by" the organization which actually owns" it, becomes more obvious where there is a larger and more distinguished" outside" faculty.
 it is particularly interesting that those who framed the report should refer to" the organization which actually owns the university": this seems to show an awareness of the fact that there is more to the problem than the ordinary issue of clerical-lay tension.
 but in any case, one does not have to read very closely between the lines to realize that the situation is not regarded as a particularly happy one.
 to appreciate the nature of the gamble, it should be realized that while college teaching is almost a public symbol of security, that security does not come as quickly or as automatically as it does in an elementary school system or in the Civil Service.
 those who have served as faculty advisers are too familiar with the useful but artificial mechanisms of student government to be taken in by" busy-work" and < ersatz > decision making.
 the company has billed the United States Government for $7,500,000 of these expenses under the Defense Department regulation allowing costs of a type generally recognized as ordinary and necessary for the conduct of the contractor's business.
 naturally, enterprises of the size of General Electric are in a position to structure their prices in such a way that the relatively small competitors can be forced to the wall in a very short time.
 he wrote:" ( p& 211 ) **h the anti-trust laws were the answer of a society which unconsciously felt the need of great organizations, and at the same time had to deny them a place in the moral and logical ideology of the social structure.
 if a union cannot perform this function, then collective bargaining is being palmed off by organizers as a gigantic fraud.
 in 1825, the Boston house carpenters' strike for a ten-hour day was denounced by the organized employers, who declared:" it is **h considered that all combinations by any classes of citizens intended to **h effect the value of labor **h tend to convert all its branches into monopolies".
 his bill, allegedly aimed at Hoffa, would amend the Sherman, Clayton and Norris-LaGuardia acts to authorize the issuance of federal injunctions in any transportation strike and would make it illegal for any union to act in concert with any other union- even a sister local in the same international.
 for example, the organization of steamship conferences to set freight rates and the encouragement of railroads to seek mergers.
 labor remained a commodity- but presumably a privileged one granted immunization from the anti-trust laws.
 _1 ) CUBA._ Hours after a parade of his new Soviet tanks and artillery, Dictator Fidel Castro suddenly confronted the U&S& with a blunt and drastic demand: within 48 hours, the U&S& had to reduce its embassy and consulate staffs in Cuba to a total of eleven persons ( the embassy staff alone totaled 87 U&S& citizens, plus 120 Cuban employees ).
" the important thing from now on", he said," is not to mourn the past but to seize the future opportunity to prevent the loss in northern Viet Nam from leading to the extension of Communism throughout Southeast Asia".
 this time, they were much better prepared and organized, and the political climate was favorable.
 he did seem hasty on his second and third shots, but then there was an agonizing wait of several minutes while Coe graciously putted out, giving Palmer a chance to recover his composure, which he had quite visibly lost.
 Palmer was now putting merely for a tie, and Player, who was sitting beside his wife and watching it all on television in Tournament Chairman Clifford Roberts' clubhouse apartment, stared in amazement when Palmer missed the putt.
 it was a dismal, drizzly day but a good one on which to score over the Augusta National course.
 without so much as a grimace or a gesture to show that he had noticed ( although he later admitted that he had ) Palmer proceeded to sink his 25-footer, and his gallery sent its explosive vocalization rolling back along the intervening fairways in reply.
 pitchers grumble about lively balls and lively bats, the shrinking strike zone, and the fact that the knock-down pitch is now illegal.
 since 1927, fewer than a dozen men have made serious runs at Babe Ruth's record and each, in turn, has been thwarted.
 what ultimately frustrated every challenger was Ruth's amazing September surge.
 but now, for the first time since Lou Gehrig ( with 47 home runs ) spurred Ruth on in 1927, two men playing for the same team have zeroed in on 60.
" you 're afraid to talk to a guy you idolize".
 if working in a zinc mine, which he once did for 87-1 cents an hour, paid more than playing center field for the Yankees, Mantle would work in a zinc mine.
 (" one of the reasons they get along fine", says a sportswriter who is friendly with the two men," is that both realize Mantle is head-and-shoulders above Maris".
 Frankie was fairly glutted with ideas, as he had hinted upon his arrival:" it 's really tremendous when you think Ella Fitzgerald is coming from Australia.
 I 'm ruddy lazy, and I 'm getting on in years.
 @ ## One of Nikita Khrushchev 's most enthusiastic eulogizers, the U&S&S&R& 's daily < Izvestia >, enterprisingly interviewed Red-prone Comedian { Charlie Chaplin } at his Swiss villa, where he has been in self-exile since 1952.
 he bought up Cezannes, Braques, Matisses, Legers, a splendid Picasso series, more than 70 Giacometti sculptures.
 last week most of the other prizes, once offered to Pittsburgh, went on the block.
 last week Chicago happily found its top scholar in Caltech 's acting dean of the faculty: dynamic Geneticist George Wells Beadle, 57, who shared the 1958 Nobel Prize in medicine and physiology for discovering how genes affect heredity by controlling cell chemistry ( TIME, Cover, July 14, 1958 ).
 ## The Belgians were interested primarily in the economic development of the Congo, which is rich in copper, tin, cobalt, manganese, zinc, and uranium, and cotton and palm oil.
 the average Congolese can do little more than puzzle out the meaning of" < la chatte >" and" < le chien >" and write his name.
 first, there were those Congolese ( among them Joseph Kasavubu ) who favored splitting the country into small independent states, Balkanizing it.
 second, there were those ( Moise Tshombe ) who favored near-Balkanization, a loose federalism having a central government of limited authority, with much power residing in the states.
 vague in wording, it called for withdrawal of Belgian troops and authorized the Secretary-General" to take the necessary steps **h to provide the [ Congolese ] Government with such military assistance as may be necessary, until, through the efforts of the Congolese Government with the technical assistance of the United Nations, the national security forces may be able, in the opinion of the Government, to meet fully their tasks **h".
 there was no directive for it- the Security Council's resolution had not mentioned political matters, and in any case the United Nations by the terms of its charter may not interfere in the political affairs of any nation, whether to unify it, federalize it or Balkanize it.
 urged the reconvention of the Congolese Parliament and the reorganization of the army.
 high up on the President's priority list was the thorny question of Bizerte.
 ideally, the President would like the French to agree on a" status quo ante" on Bizerte, and accept a new timetable for withdrawing their forces from the Mediterranean base.
 the President also discussed the Bizerte deadlock with the No& 2 man in the Tunisian Government, Defense Minister Bahi Ladgham, who flew to Washington last week to seek U&S& support.
 as the morning wore on and a blazing West Texas sun wiped the shadows off the Franklin Mountains, police got close enough to the plane to pry into the baggage compartment.
 from the luggage, they learned that the two air pirates, far from being Cubans, were native Americans, subsequently identified as Leon Bearden, 50-year-old ex-convict from Coolidge, Ariz&, and his son, Cody, 16, a high-school junior.
 several police cars, loaded with armed officers, raced alongside, blazing away at the tires of the big jet.
 ) back home in Coolidge, Ariz&, his 36-year-old wife, Mary, said:" I thought they were going to Phoenix to look for jobs".
 but plain old bean soup, served daily since the turn of the century ( at the insistence of the late Sen& Fred Dubois of Idaho ), made clear to the citizenry that the Senate's stomach was in the right place.
 the U&S& will try to get agreement among the industrialized countries to < take more textile imports > from the less-developed countries over the years.
 this may point the way toward international stabilization agreements in other products.
 > ## @ Note, too, that the Kennedy textile plan looks toward modernization or shrinkage of the U&S& textile industry.
 < the Government will help > in transferring companies and workers into new lines, where modernization does n't seem feasible.
 < U&S& coal is cheap, > despite high wages, because of widespread mechanization of mines, wide coal seams, attactive rates on ocean freight.
 many of the coal seams in the nationalized British mines are twisting, narrow and very deep.
 because it is so large a state, with marked contrasts in population density, the organization of the New York co-operative offers a cross-section of how the plan works.
 at the other are organizations like the newly formed Nassau Library System, in a high-density area, with ample resources and a rapidly growing territory to serve.
 ## TO SET up a co-operative library system, the law requires a central book collection of 100,000 nonfiction volumes as the nucleus, and the system is organized around it.
 this system, by virtue of its variety and size, offers an inclusive view of the plan in operation.
 the Nassau system recognizes that its major task it to broaden reference service, what with the constant expansion of education and knowledge, and the pressure of population growth in a metropolitan area.
 the need is for reference works of a more specialized nature than individual libraries, adequate to satisfy everyday needs, could afford.
 basic reference tools are the backbone of the collection, but there is also specialization in science and technology, an indicated weakness in local libraries.
 public libraries in Nassau County have been lending books to each other by mail for a quarter-century, but the system enables this process to operate on an organized and far more comprehensive basis.
 schools and community groups turn to the headquarters film library for documentary, art, and experimental films to show at libraries that sponsor local programs, and to organizations in member communities.
 these women whose organization grew out of the old suffrage movement are dedicated to Thomas Jefferson's dictum that one must cherish the people's spirit but" Keep alive their attention".
 coupling its own budget of $83,750 with a $30,000 state grant authorized by Gov& Vandiver, the group expects to sign a contract in March with Georgia Tech&.
 it recognizes the fact that what helps one county helps its neighbors and that by banding together in an area-wide effort better results can be accomplished than through the go-it-alone approach.
 then he arrived in Zanzibar and found Africans carrying signs saying" American imperialists, go home".
 it is good to know that Georgia will continue to have sufficient electrical power not only to meet the demands of normal growth but to encourage a more rapid rate of industrialization.
 either way it sounds like a sizable hunk of money and is.
 the responsibility for scores of deaths, including the abduction and murder of Jesus Maria Galindez, a professor at Columbia University in New York, has been laid at his door.
 he had been involved in countless schemes to do away with democratic leaders in neighboring countries such as President Romulo Betancourt of Venezuela.
 it was a sort of poetic justice that at the time of his own demise a new plot to overthrow the Venezuelan government, reportedly involving the use of Dominican arms by former Venezuelan Dictator Marcos Perez Jimenez, has been uncovered and quashed.
 last year, after Trujillo had been cited for numerous aggressions in the Caribbean, the United States and many other members of the Organization of American States broke diplomatic relations with him.
 what comes after Trujillo is now the puzzle.
 in presenting plans for such express buses before the Montgomery County Council, the administrator of the NCTA, C& Darwin Stolzenbach, was frankly seeking support for the projects his agency will soon be launching.
 though Walter Ulbricht, by grace of Soviet tanks, may be head man in East Germany, that does not give him any right to usurp the government of East Berlin or to absorb that semi-city into the Soviet zone.
 it was not a part of any one of the three ( later four ) zones for occupation by Soviet, American, British, and French troops respectively.
 for some time the Communists honored the distinction between the Soviet zone of Germany and the Soviet sector of Berlin by promulgating separately the laws for the two areas.
 this is far from acknowledging or recognizing those efforts as an accomplished fact.
 remembering the step-by-step fate of Danzig and the West German misgivings about" salami" tactics, it is to be hoped that the dispatch of General Clay to West Berlin as President Kennedy's representative will mark a stiffening of response not only to future indignities and aggressions but also to some that have passed.
 #PRAIRIE NATIONAL PARK# Thousands of buffalo (" bison" they will never be to the man on the street ) grazing like a mobile brown throw-rug upon the rolling, dusty-green grassland.
 a horizon even and seamless, binding the vast sun-bleached dome of sky to earth.
 for it was the millions of buffalo and prairie chicken and the endless seas of grass that symbolized for a whole generation of Americans the abundant supply that was to take many of them westward when the Ohio and Mississippi valleys began to fill.
 there the buffalo would roam, to be seen as a tapestry, not as moth-eaten zoo specimens.
 #NEW YORK: DEMOCRATS' CHOICE# Registered Democrats in New York City this year have the opportunity to elect their party's candidates for Mayor and other municipal posts and the men who will run their party organization.
 while all citizens share in blame for lax municipal ethics the Wagner regime has seen serious problems in the schools, law enforcement and fiscal policies.
 the vote still gives citizens a voice in the operation of their government and their party.
 for Mr& Kennedy, speaking softly and carrying a sizable stick is making the best of a bad situation.
 casualties have been running about a dozen men a day.
 he spoke briefly, sensibly, to the point and without oratorical flourishes He made good, plain American common sense and the House usually recognized it and acted upon it.
 the UN army is too weak, too demoralized for the task.
 #FEATHERBED REVERSAL# A recent editorial discussing a labor-management agreement reached between the Southern Pacific Co& and the Order of Railroad Telegraphers has been criticized on the grounds that it was not based on complete information.
 additional information supplied to us discloses that the railroad gained a stabilized supply of telegraphers of which it was in need.
 the plane was sent back to the United States, for a change, but Castro kept the crazy gunman, who will prove a suitable recruit to the revolution.
 less respect for the legal conventions was displayed by Castro's right hand man, Che Guevara, who edified the Inter-American Economic and Social council meeting in Montevideo by reading two secret American documents purloined from the United States embassy at Caracas, Venezuela.
 the board's action shows what free enterprise is up against in our complex maze of regulatory laws.
 the wizard who fashioned West Germany's astonishing industrial rebirth is the soul of free enterprise.
 for instance, so-called" conservative" organizations, some of them secret, are sprouting in the garden of joining where" liberal" organizations once took root.
 according to The Chicago Tribune News Service, State Atty& Gen& Stanley Mosk of California has devised a series of questions which the joiner might well ask about any organization seeking his money and his name: _1._ Does it assail schools and churches with blanket accusations?
 in some instances a seventh question can be added: _7._ Does the organization show an affinity for a foreign government, political party or personality in opposition or preference to the American system?
 if the would-be joiner asks these questions he is not likely to be duped by extremists who are seeking to capitalize on the confusions and the patriotic apprehensions of Americans in a troubled time.
 despite the lip service paid by local governments, the anti-secrecy statutes have been continuously subverted by reservations and rationalizations.
 but the citizens would, of course, never be sure that the decisions that resulted were as correct as they were expeditious.
 within the Organization of American States, there may be some criticism of this unilateral American intervention which was not without risk obviously.
 @ #MATTER OF SURVIVAL# @ THOSE watching the growing rivalry between craft unions and industrial unions may recognize all the pressures that led to the big labor split in 1935.
 that breach was healed 20 years later by merger of the American Federation of Labor and the Congress of Industrial Organizations.
 but the farmers outsmarted Washington by shortening the distance between the rows and pouring on the fertilizer.
 but those who would revitalize so complex an organization must, first of all, overcome the resistance of layers of officials wedded to traditional procedures, suspicious of innovation and fearful of mistakes.
 @ #BETTING MEN# @ FORECASTING economic activity is a hazardous undertaking even for the specialist.
 and then there is St& Louis county, where the Democratic leadership has shown little appreciation of the need for sound zoning, of the important relationship between proper land use and economic growth.
 further, do our reforming friends really believe that the cartoonists will consent to the banishment of the tiger from their zoo?
 the Colonel fled to the friendly haven of the Dominican dictatorship as soon as Castro seized power.
 mr& Eisenhower seized upon the incident of the postcard lost by a Peace Corps girl in Nigeria to attack the entire Corps as a" juvenile experiment" and to suggest sending a Corps member to the moon.
 nowhere did the speaker recognize the serious purpose of the Corps or its welcome reception abroad.
 gen& Taylor will report to President Kennedy in a few days on the results of his visit to South Viet Nam and, judging from some of his remarks to reporters in the Far East, he is likely to urge a more efficient mobilization of Vietnamese military, economic, political and other resources.
 the rebels may try to seize what is left of the October harvest when the floods recede and the monsoon ends in November.
 the integrity of the office not merely requires that the Secretary General shall be, as the Charter puts it," the chief administrative officer of the Organization", but that neither he nor his staff shall seek or receive instructions from any government or any other authority" external to the Organization".
 he should be, as Dag Hammarskjold certainly was, a citizen of the world.
 if any one of them has any power to veto the Secretary General's decisions the nature of the organization will have changed.
 the Secretary General must have, subject to the constitutional direction of the Security Council and the General Assembly, the power to act, to propose action and to organize action without being hobbled by advisers and assistants acting on someone else's instructions.
 what we must have, if the United Nations is to survive, is as nonpolitical, nonpartisan an organization at the top as human beings can make it, subject to no single nation's direction and subservient to no single nation's ambition.
 but it would greatly strengthen any Mayor's executive powers, remove the excuse in large degree that he is a captive of inaction in the Board of Estimate, increase his budget-making authority both as to expense and capital budgets, and vest in him the right to reorganize city departments in the interest of efficiency and economy.
 the board is diminished in both respects, while it retains control over zoning, franchises, pier leases, sale, leasing and assignment of property, and other trusteeship functions.
 and there must be many Soviet citizens who know what is going on and who realize that before they can hope to enjoy the full life promised for 1980 they and their children must first survive.
 he was delighted to learn that the Post Office Department is now going to expand this service to deliver mail from Representatives in Congress to their constituents without the use of stamps, names, addresses or even zone numbers.
 in accordance with legislation passed at the last session of Congress, each Representative is authorized to deliver to the Post Office in bulk newsletters, speeches and other literature to be dropped in every letter box in his district.
 this means an added burden to innumerable postmen, who already are complaining of heavy loads and low pay, and it presumably means an increased postal deficit, but, our correspondent writes, think of the additional junk mail each citizen will now be privileged to receive on a regular basis.
 but DeKalb citizens, those who use the facilities of the cannery, say the cannery is not supposed to make any money.
 she 's been in and out of my house for a dozen years now, although she 's still a teen-ager who looks like a baby, she is getting married.
 can you visualize being stranded with him on a desert island for years and years and still find him fascinating?
 the narrow fringe of sadness that ran around it only emphasized the pleasure.
 he had that day attended a country auction, and he had come back with a prize.
 the prize was an old-fashioned, woven cloth hammock, complete with cross-top pillow, fringed side pieces, and hooks for hanging.
 mrs& Podger had obligingly pushed things around on the porch to make room for it, and there it was, slung in a vine-shaded corner, the night breeze rippling its fringe with a slow, caressing movement.
 it was doing very well, too, having reached the center, and was pursuing its way with commendable singleness of purpose when Mr& Podger saw hazard approaching in the shape of a flashy little sports car.
 these programs emphasize the acceptance of biracial classrooms peacefully.
 the Nashville plan, incidentally, has become recognized as perhaps the most acceptable and thus the most practical to put into effect in the troubled South.
 the schedules are flexible so that the program can be accelerated as the public becomes more tolerant or realizes that it is something that has to be done," so why not now".
 during the summer, Negroes began quietly patronizing previously segregated restaurants and lunch counters in downtown retail establishments.
 Southern whites themselves are realizing that they had been wrong in using violence to try to stop Negroes from claiming equal rights.
 they realize that by acting in concert, rather than individually, they will not be picked out as objects of retaliation- economic and otherwise.
 during one recent day of driving about Los Angeles there were actually a dozen occasions when oncoming drivers stopped an entire lane of traffic to permit me to pull out of an impossible side street.
" I try to treat Daniel as if he were normal, though of course I realize he is far from that at present.
 though not actually crewel embroidery, it has that look with its over-stitched raised pattern in blue, pink, bronze and gold and a sauterne background.
 the twirled, stylized design of winding stems and floral forms strongly suggests the embroidered patterns used so extensively for upholstery during the Jacobean period in England.
 these have never gone out of style in Scandinavian homes and now seem to be reappearing here and there in shops which specialize in handicrafts.
 but it will include 200-odd officeholders, organization leaders and" interested party people".
 much of its strength stems from the comfortable knowledge that every" volunteer" Democratic organization of any consequence belongs to the CDC.
 biggest organizational problem, he adds, is setting up CDC units in rock-ribbed Democratic territory.
 shunted aside by the rampant organizers for John F& Kennedy last year, who relegated it to a somewhat subordinate role in the Presidential campaign, the CDC plainly intends to provide the party's campaign muscle in 1962.
 ) #@# NOTE: we 've just received an announcement of the 54th Assembly district post-reapportionment organizing convention Wednesday night in South Pasadena's War Memorial Bldg&, which graphically illustrates the CDC's broad appeal.
 #@# For some compulsive reason which would have fascinated Dr& Freud, Communists of all shapes and sizes almost invariably impute to others the very motives which they harbor themselves.
 now listen closely: Moscow radio from the Literary Gazette in English to England: #@#" President Kennedy once again interpreted the Soviet proposals, to sign a peace treaty with Germany as a threat, as part of the world menace allegedly looming over the countries of capitalism.
 aug& 4, 1821, nearly a century after Benjamin Franklin founded the Pennsylvania Gazette- a century during which it had undergone several changes in ownership and a few brief suspensions in publication- this paper made its first appearance as the Saturday Evening Post.
 the country was now full of Gazettes and Samuel C& Atkinson and Charles Alexander, who had just taken over Franklin's old paper, desired a more distinctive name.
 when founded by Franklin the Gazette was a weekly family newspaper and under its new name its format remained that of a newspaper but its columns gradually contained more and more fiction, poetry, and literary essays.
 I was anxious to hear about those dazzling days on the Great White Way.
 some day we might see a Federation of Prison and Jail Inmates, with a leader busily trying to organize reformatory occupants, defendants out on bail, convicts opposed to probation officers, etc&.
 then in 1937 America's International Council of Religious Education authorized a new revision, in the light of expanded knowledge of ancient manuscripts and languages.
 for example, in the third chapter of Matthew, verses 13-16, describing the baptism of Jesus, the 1611 version reads:" then cometh Jesus from Galilee to Jordan unto John, to be baptized of him.
" but John forbad him, saying, I have need to be baptized of thee, and comest thou to me?
" and Jesus, when he was baptized went up straightway out of the water: and lo, the heavens were opened unto him, and he saw the Spirit of God descending like a dove, and lighting upon him".
 #CLEARER MEANING# Certainly, the meaning is clearer to one who is not familiar with Biblical teachings, in the New English Bible which reads:" then Jesus arrived at Jordan from Galilee, and he came to John to be baptized by him.
 ' I need rather to be baptized by you '.
 sizzling temperatures and hot summer pavements are anything but kind to the feet.
 an electric toothbrush ( Broxodent ) may soon take its place next to the electric razor in the American bathroom.
 the bushes can be cleaned and sterilized by boiling and are detachable so that every member of the family can have his own.
 the same can be said of shaving yet the electric razor has proved useful to many men.
 these sages include poet Carl Sandburg, statesman Jawaharlal Nehru and sculptor Jacques Lipchitz, in Volume One, and playwright Sean O 'Casey, David Ben-Gurion, philosopher Bertrand Russell and the late Frank Lloyd Wright in the second set.
 there 's more specialization and a narrower purpose in two albums recently issued by Dover Publications.
 but the firm has recognized the tight dollar and the tourist's desire to visit the" smaller, less-traveled and relatively inexpensive countries", and is now prepared to teach modern Greek and Portuguese through recordings.
 in an effort to fortify himself against the unforseen upsets sure to arise in the future, Herbert A& Leggett, banker-editor of the Phoenix" Arizona Progress", reflects upon a few of the depressing experiences of the feverish fifties.
 one of the roughest was the TV quiz shows, which gave him inferiority complexes.
 if he can n't play with Mommy's magazines, he should have some old numbers of his own.
 he recalls with a wry smile the wit who said, on returning from a homecoming reunion, that he would never go again because all his class had changed so much they did n't even recognize him.
 if they do meet and recognize one another, slap backs and embrace, the moment soon is done.
 the athlete of by-gone years who wears a size 46 suit and puffs when he has finished a sentence of any length **h then, it is time to break it up and move on.
 since the obvious is not always true, the Republican National Committee wisely analyzed its defeat of last autumn and finds that it occurred, as suspected, in the larger cities.
 in that decade the partisan zeal to defend Mr& Hoover, and the party's failure to anticipate or cope with the depression, caused a great majority of Americans to see the Republican party as cold and lacking in any sympathy for the problems of human beings caught up in the distress and suffering brought on by the economic crash.
 but further thought brings the shuddery visions of a governor's race being run in the next Legislature, the spectre of big spending programs, the ooze of mudslinging before the campaign should even begin.
 both won a pretty fair-sized war with a modest assist from British strategy.
 first of all there is ample area in East Greenwich already zoned in the classification similar to that which petitioner requested.
 we in East Greenwich have the example of two neighboring communities, one currently utilizing double sessions in their schools, and the other facing this prospect next year.
 the" fruitful course" of metropolitanization that you recommend is currently practiced by the town of East Greenwich and had its inception long before we learned what it was called.
 for example: _1._ The East Greenwich Police Department utilizes the radio transmission facilities of the Warwick Police Department, thereby eliminating duplication of facilities and ensuring police coordination in the Cowessett-East Greenwich-Potowomut area of the two communities.
 these programs are volumes of waste paper and lost hours if the citizens of a community must stand aside while land developers tell them when, where, and in what manner the community shall grow.
 until professional planners meet this situation squarely and update the concepts of zoning in a manner acceptable to the courts, I hope we in East Greenwich can continue to shape our own destiny.
 and to Mrs& Rozella Switzer, regional director of The National Conference of Christians and Jews, who asked them to serve as a committee for the fund.
 @ The Providence Sunday Journal article ( Jan& 29 ) asking whether American taxpayers are being victimized by a gigantic giveaway to pay for the care of war veterans who have non-service-connected disabilities sounds as though The Providence Journal is desperate for news.
 on the question of admission to Veterans Administration hospitals of service-connected and non-service-connected disabled veterans, it must be recognized that there are many men who are greatly affected by war service.
 the American public must be presented with the facts concerning VA hospitalization.
 @ It seems that open season upon veterans' hospitalization is once more upon us.
 let us prepare for peace, instead of for a war which would mean the end of civilization.
 @ #SUBSIDIES FROM CTA# _OAK PARK, AUG& 8_- In today's" Voice", the CTA is urged to reduce fares for senior citizens.
 why should CTA regular riders subsidize reduced transportation for old people any more than the people who drive their own cars or walk to work should?
 the welfare of citizens, old and young, is the responsibility of the community, not only of that part of it that rides the CTA.
 CTA regulars already subsidize transportation for school children, policemen, and firemen.
 there is a trend to packaging meat at a central source, freezing it, and shipping it to outlying stores, where meat cutters will not be required.
 most women, in this age of freezers, shop for the entire week on week-ends, when prices are lower.
 my discussion with reference to the resolution was that we should commend those citizens who serve as judges of election and who properly discharge their duty and polling place proprietors who make available their private premises, and not by innuendo criticize them.
 the Illinois Commission for Handicapped Children, which for 20 years has had the responsibility of coo^rdinating the services of tax supported and voluntary organizations serving handicapped children, of studying the needs of handicapped children in Illinois, and of promoting more adequate services for them, indeed welcomes this new important resource which will help the people of Illinois toward the goal of providing an education for all of its children.
 those in the public eye should be good examples of American citizens while abroad.
 the plane should have started at the scheduled time and left Sinatra and Martin to guzzle.
 this is our duty- not as nurses or city employes- but as citizens of the United States.
 @ #SUPPORTS KATANGA# _TO THE EDITOR:_ Sir- When the colonies decided upon freedom from England, we insisted, through the Declaration of Independence, that the nations of the world recognize us as a separate political entity.
 it is high time the United States began to realize that the God-given rights of men set forth in that document are applicable today to Katanga.
 the people of Katanga had fought for, and obtained, their freedom from the Communist yoke of Antoine Gizenga, and his cohorts.
 @ #"DEEP PEEP SHOW"# The viewers of the" deep Peep Show" at 15th and M streets nw& have an added attraction- the view of a fossilized cypress swamp.
 the fossilized remains of many of these trees are found embedded in the clay.
 _4._ Lastly, the speaker decried our organized program of emergency help calling it" Civilian Defense".
 I would like to suggest that the landlords and Commissioners get together and consider liberalizing the practice of prohibiting dogs in apartments.
 we have no right to criticize them, as they realize they would be sitting ducks in a nuclear war.
 a united Germany, freed of militarism, might be the first step toward disarmament and peace in a terrorized and tortured world.
 I would like to quote from the Charter of the United Nations:" article 17, Section 1: the General Assembly shall consider and approve the budget of the Organization.
" section 2: the expenses of the Organization shall be borne by the Members as apportioned by the General Assembly.
" article 19: a Member of the United Nations which is in arrears in the payment of its financial contributions to the Organization shall have no vote in the General Assembly if the amount of its arrears equals or exceeds the amount of the contributions due from it for the preceding two full years".
 according to the official interpretation of the Charter, a member cannot be penalized by not having the right to vote in the General Assembly for nonpayment of financial obligations to the" special" United Nations' budgets, and of course cannot be expelled from the Organization ( which you suggested in your editorial ), due to the fact that there is no provision in the Charter for expulsion.
 what better affirmative step could be taken to this end than repeal of the Connally amendment- an act which could expose the United States to no practical risk yet would put an end to our self-judging attitude toward the court, enable us to utilize it, and advance in a tangible way the cause of international law and order?
 @ #FOR BETTER SUBWAY SERVICES# _TO THE EDITOR OF THE NEW YORK TIMES:_ Many home-bound subway riders utilizing the Flushing-Main Street express are daily confronted with the sight of the local departing from the Woodside station as their express comes to a stop, leaving them stranded and strained.
 it has not been any great mental effort on my part to keep up with this mechanization which has brought about new ways of dialing.
 Hazel Park donates its recreation center, five days a week, to the school.
 some members of the organization called attention also to the article on hymns of inspiration, the Daily Prayer and Three Minutes a Day, as being very helpful.
 @ #BELATED TRIBUTE# _TO THE EDITOR OF THE INQUIRER:_ While" better late than never" may have certain merits, the posthumous award of the Nobel Prize for Peace to the late Dag Hammarskjold strikes me as less than a satisfactory expression of appreciation.
 actually, of course, that label" controversial" applied only because he was carrying out the mandate given him by the world organization he headed rather than following the dictates of the Soviet Union.
 as has happened so often in the past, the ability to recognize true greatness has been inadequate and tardy.
 _(2)_ So widen it as to minimize the present curves and eliminate drainage problems.
 when we become firm enough to stand for those ideals which we know to be right, when we become hard enough to refuse to aid nations which do not permit self-determination, when we become strong enough to resist any more drifts towards socialism in our own Nation, when we recognize that our enemy is Communism not war, and when we realize that concessions to Communists do not insure peace or freedom, then, and only then will we no longer be" soft".
 anyone familiar with the details of the McClellan hearings must at once realize that the sweetheart arrangements augmented employer profits far more than they augmented the earnings of the corruptible labor leaders.
 Morrison points out that since our country is more urbanized than the Soviet Union or Red China, it is the most vulnerable of the great powers- Europe of course must be written off out of hand.
 Berlin's resilience is amazing, but if it has to hire its labor in the West the struggle will be hard indeed".
 but at least the pessimists who believed that the world organization had plunged to its death in that plane crash in the Congo have been proved wrong.
 < friends >, a picture magazine distributed by Chevrolet dealers, describes a paramilitary organization of employees of the Gulf Telephone Company at Foley, Alabama.
 **h Heavily armed and mobilized as a fast-moving Civil Defense outfit, 23 operators and office personnel **h stand ready to move into action at a minute's notice".
 according to < Friends >, the unit was organized by John Snook, a former World War 2, commando who is vice president and general manager of the telephone company.
 this may be < opera bouffe > now, but it will become more serious should the cold war mount in frenzy.
 as the civic temper rises, the more naive citizens begin to play soldier- but the guns are real.
 but by comparison with the railroad, the motor car is a relatively new object of popular worship, so it is too much to hope that it may be brought within the bounds of civilized usage quickly and easily.
 from next New Year's Day let us keep careful account of each successive fatality on the highways, publicizing it on all media of communication.
 a special grandstand, protected by awnings from the midsummer sun of Illinois, should be erected for occupancy by honored guests, who should include the ambassadors of all those new African nations as yet not quite convinced that the United States is thoroughly civilized.
 hanging the responsible officials would not abolish the government, but would emphasize its accountability for the lives of its individual citizens, which would certainly alter it, and definitely for the better.
 but for the average citizen, unfortunately, this is one of science's worst-marked channels, full of tricky currents and unknown depths.
 then, to conclude on an indeterminate note:" nevertheless, if fallout increased substantially, or remained high for a long time, it would become far more important as a potential health hazard in this country and throughout the world".
 dr& Linus Pauling, a Nobel Prize winner in chemistry, has been less ambiguous, whether you choose to agree with him or not.
 after declaring, in an article last month in < Frontier > magazine, that the Russian testing" carries with it the possibility of the most tragic consequences of any action in the history of the world", he gave this estimate of the biologic and genetic consequences if the new Soviet shots totaled 200 megatons: the damage to human germ plasm would be such that in the next few generations 160,000 children around the world would be born with gross physical or mental defects.
 the lack of scientific unanimity on the effects of radiation is due in part to insufficient data covering large population groups, from which agreed-on generalizations could be drawn.
 it could have unilaterally abandoned further testing on the grounds of the radiation hazard to future generations.
 the possibility, as he asserted, that the Russians may get ahead of us or come closer to us because of their tests does not supply the needed ethical premise- unless, of course, we have unwittingly become so brutalized that nuclear superiority is now taken as a moral demand.
 what we need to realize is that the increasingly great contamination of the atmosphere by the Soviet tests has radically increased our own moral obligations.
 certainly it is n't making the President happy, and he has been doing his apologetic best to explain how the budget got into its unbalanced condition, how he intends to economize wherever he can and how he hopes to do better next year.
 we sympathize with Mr& Kennedy, but we feel bound to say that his budget review does n't please us either, although for very different reasons.
 and yet Mr& Kennedy persists in trying to mollify the intransigents of the right with apologies and promises of" tightening up" and" economizing".
 but a realization that each group has much of substance to learn from the other also developed, and a strong conviction grew that each had insights and dimensions to contribute to ethically acceptable solutions of urgent political issues.
 the pervasive influence of ideology on our political judgments needs to be recognized and taken into due account;
 but I questioned, also, professional soldiers, who would not easily be hypnotized by a septuagenarian's dreamy irredentism.
 it has not been extirpated by ten years of Communist depersonalization.
 the immediate families of the generals and the admirals are well fed: a despot does not economize on his generals.
 it is another question whether" they"- or a single general, off in a corner of China, secure for a few ( galvanizing?
 a great deal depends on the crystallization of Mr& Kennedy's views on the world struggle.
 there is not anywhere on the frontiers of freedom a more highly mobilized force for liberation.
 the controlling pattern was first displayed in the Hungary-Suez crisis of November 1956.
 right now, with almost cartoon emphasis, in the temporally linked complex of Tshombe-Gizenga-Goa-Ghana.
 we can attack Tshombe, but not Gigenza.
 no matter that Gizenga is Moscow's man in the Congo.
 ) we can force Britain and France out of the Suez, but we cannot so much as < try > to force the Russian tanks back from Budapest.
 the Suez-Hungary crisis proves that this system was not invented by the new Administration, but only made more consistent and more active.
 #KEY TO THE PUZZLES# Most immediately relevant to these episodes in Goa, Katanga and Ghana, as to the Suez-Hungary crisis before them, is the belief that the main theater of the world drama is the underdeveloped region of Asia, Africa and Latin America.
 most modern adapters totally accept the world of a book, squeeze it dry of life, and add only one contribution of their own: stage technique.
 > that exchange was not only possible but commonplace last week in Manhattan, as more and more New Yorkers were discovering 29th Street and Eighth Avenue, where half a dozen small nightclubs with names like Arabian Nights, Grecian Palace and Egyptian Gardens are the American inpost of belly dancing.
 @ Marlene ( surname: Adamo ), 25, a Brazilian divorcee who learned the dance from Arabic friends in Paris, now lives on Manhattan's West Side, is about the best belly dancer working the casbah, loves it so much that she dances on her day off.
 he and other Soviet leaders responsible for the document were proud of having brought forward some new formulas, such as the early replacement of the dictatorship of the proletariat by an" All People's State", and also of having laid down the lines for a much greater" democratization" of the whole hierarchy of Soviets, starting with the Supreme Soviet itself.
 was it the party's intention, for example, to abolish gradually the < kolkhoz > system and replace it by uniformly wage-earning < sovkhozes >, i&e&, state farms ( which were, moreover, to be progressively" urbanized" )?
 and it is still very far from certain how valid the party's claim is that in" a growing number of < kolkhozes >" the peasants are finding it more profitable, to surrender their private plots to the < kolkhoz > and to let the latter be turned into something increasingly like a state farm.
 but if he is up against China 's crusading spirit in world affairs, he is going to be faced with the most agonizing choice in his life.
 the maneuvers were held" in secret" after a regional seminar for the Minutemen, held in nearby Shiloh, Ill&, had been broken up the previous day by deputy sheriffs, who had arrested regional leader Richard Lauchli of Collinsville, Ill&, and seized four operative weapons, including a Browning machine gun, two Browning automatic rifles and an M-4 rifle.
 after a tortuous drive in an open truck and a World War 2, army jeep down soggy trails, the band arrived at a small clearing squeezed between a long, low ridge and a creek-filled gully.
 mrs& DePugh, the mother of five children and an active member of her husband's organization, participated in all the exercises.
 the amazing thing is that this too is caused by the dearth of teachers.
 @ #A BRIEF FOR THE NEGATIVE# I disagree with Mr& Burnham's position on the Common Market [ Nov& 18 ] as a desirable organization for us to join.
 if it is not enough that all of our internationalist One Worlders are advocating that we join this market, I refer you to an article in the < New York Times > ' magazine section [ Nov& 12, 1961 ], by Mr& Eric Johnston, entitled" We Must Join the Common Market".
 but the solution to this dilemma is not the incorporation of the United States into an Atlantic Community or" economic empire", but merely what libertarians like Henry Hazlitt and Ludwig von Mises have been arguing for years: an end to government regulations, an end to government competition in industry, and a realistic depreciation allowance for industry.
 with this no loyal citizen can quarrel.
 thanks for continuing to capture the attention and uncover so many areas of need in this amazing world.
 the important people to humanity are not the Khrushchevs and the Castros **h but the Schweitzers and the Dooleys, and the others like them whose names we will never know.
 despite several years of front-page stories, the average citizen was unable to get a complete picture of McCarthy until he saw on the television screen what the reporters had been seeing all along but had no effective way of communicating.
 even then, a few of the" less interesting" questions are edited out and glibly summarized by a commentator.
 however, last night the tapes were not run at all during the evening hours and all we got on TV were a few snatches which Douglas Edwards and Huntley and Brinkley could squeeze into their programs.
 until the work actually appears I am not privileged to analyze it publicly in detail.
 representatives of Harvard University Press, which is publishing the book this month of April, recognize and freely acknowledge that they invited such reaction by allowing > Life < magazine to print an excerpt from the book in advance of the book's publication date.
 but we are to believe that Lindemann actively supported radar outside the Tizard Committee, and dissembling, discounted it inside?
 @ IT IS NOT NEWS that Nathan Milstein is a wizard of the violin.
 certainly not in Orchestra hall where he has played countless recitals, and where Thursday night he celebrated his 20th season with the Chicago Symphony orchestra, playing the Brahms Concerto with his own slashing, demon-ridden cadenza melting into the high, pale, pure and lovely song with which a violinist unlocks the heart of the music, or forever finds it closed.
 so we had some dazzling and memorable Milstein, but not great Brahms.
 they want to own a junior-grade castle, or a manor house, or some modest little place where Shakespeare might once have staged a pageant for Great Elizabeth and all her bearded courtiers.
 more than a beautiful visualization of the illustrious adventures and escapades of the tragi-comic knight-errant and his squire, Sancho Panza, in seventeenth-century Spain, this inevitably abbreviated rendering of the classic satire on chivalry is an affectingly warm and human exposition of character.
 directed by Grigory Kozintsev in a tempo that is studiously slow, he develops a sense of a high tradition shining brightly and passing gravely through an impious world.
 splendid, too, is the performance of Yuri Tolubeyev, one of Russia 's leading comedians, as Sancho Panza, the fat, grotesque" squire".
 the episode in which Sancho Panza concludes the joke that is played on him when he is facetiously put in command of an" island" is one of the best in the film.
 but strength and poignancy develop thenceforth, and the windmill and deathbed episodes gather the threads of realization of the wonderfulness of the old boy.
 television has yet to work out a living arrangement with jazz, which comes to the medium more as an uneasy guest than as a relaxed member of the family.
 there seems to be an unfortunate assumption that an hour of Chicago-style jazz in prime evening time, for example, could not be justified without the trimmings of a portentous documentary.
 at least this seemed to be the working hypothesis for" Chicago and All That Jazz", presented on NBC- TV Nov& 26.
 if so, it might be worth while to assign a future jazz show to a different department- one with enough confidence in the musical material to cut down on the number of performers and give them a little room to display their talents.
 a few years ago a" Timex All-Star Jazz Show" offered a broad range of styles, ranging from Lionel Hampton's big band to the free-wheeling Dukes of Dixieland.
 about that same time John Crosby's TV series on the popular arts proved again that giving jazz ample breathing space is one of the most sensible things a producer can do.
 in an hour remembered for its almost rudderless movement, a score of jazz luminaries went before the cameras for lengthy periods.
" Chicago and All That Jazz" could not be faulted on the choice of artists.
 the jazz buff could hardly ask for more.
 for example, there was sheet music with the word" jazz" in the title, to illustrate how a word of uncertain origin took hold.
 similarly, in presenting still photographs of early jazz groups, the program allowed no time for a close perusal.
" Chicago and All That Jazz" may have wound up satisfying neither the confirmed fan nor the inquisitive newcomer.
 even Joan Sutherland may not have anticipated the tremendous reception she received from the Metropolitan Opera audience attending her debut as Lucia in Donizetti's" Lucia di Lammermoor" Sunday night.
 thereafter the audience waxed applause-happy, but discriminating operagoers reserved judgment as her singing showed signs of strain, her musicianship some questionable procedure and her acting uncomfortable stylization.
 each high note had the crowd in ecstasy so that it stopped the show midway in the" Mad Scene", but the real reason was a realization of the extraordinary performance unfolding at the moment.
 { the Percussive Twenties } ( SP-44006 ) stirs pleasant memories with well-known songs of that day, and Johnny Keating's Kombo gives forth with tingling jazz in { Percussive Moods } ( SP-44005 ).
 there is an extraordinary sense of presence in all of these recordings, apparently obtained at least in part by emphasizing the middle and high frequencies.
 thus, in" The Story of Ruth" we have Ruth, Naomi, and Boaz and sets that are meticulously authentic.
 but except for a vague adherence to the basic storyline- i&e&, that Ruth remained with Naomi and finally wound up with Boaz- the film version has little to do with the Bible.
 if a man totally ignorant of America were to judge our land and its civilization based on Hollywood alone, what conclusions do you think he might come to?
 this was not an overriding drawback to enjoyment of the performances, however, except in the case of the opening work, Mozart's Sonata in A ( K& 526 ), which clattered along noisily in an unrelieved fashion.
 administrative organization and delicate diplomatic relations with Top Brass- British, American and Chinese;
 a bunch of young buckaroos from out West, who go by the name of Texas Boys Choir, loped into Town Hall last night and succeeded in corralling the hearts of a sizable audience.
 the piano accompaniments by Istvan Szelenyi were stylish.
 @ THE Polish song and dance company called Mazowsze, after the region of Poland, where it has its headquarters, opened a three-week engagement at the City Center last night.
 a thoroughly ingratiating company it is, and when the final curtain falls you may suddenly realize that you have been sitting with a broad grin on your face all evening.
 but under the direction of Mira Ziminska-Sygietynska, who with her late husband founded the organization in 1948, it has all been put into theatrical form, treated selectively, choreographed specifically for presentation to spectators, and performed altogether professionally.
 #@# Since the organization was created thirteen years ago, it is obvious that this is not the original company;
 the mazurka choreographed by Witold Zapala to music from Moniuszko's opera," Strasny Dwor', may be the most beautiful mazurka you are likely ever to see;
 but the book is written around a somewhat dizzy cartoonist, and it has to be that way.
 the cast: @ The angriest young man in Newport last night was at the Playhouse, where" Epitaph for George Dillon" opened as the jazz festival closed.
 there is a fine second act, as an example, one in which Samuel Groom, as Dillon, has an opportunity to blaze away in one impassioned passage after another.
 one of the finest soft shoe tunes ever invented," Once in Love with Amy" is also, of course, one of the most tantalizingly persistent of light love lyrics to come out of American musical comedy in our era.
 the ballet work is on the nose, especially in the opening number by" The New Ashmolean Marching Society and Students' Conservatory Band", along with a fiery and sultry Brazilian fantasia later.
 sparrow-size Virginia Gibson, with sparkling blue eyes and a cheerful smile, made a suitably perky Amy, while Melisande Congdon, as the real aunt, was positively monumental in the very best Gibson Girl manner.
 the company which performed the Pulitzer Prize musical here last night and will repeat it twice today is full of bounce, the politicians are in fine voice, the chorines evoke happy memories, and the Little Flower rides to break a lance again.
 Bob Carroll may not bear quite as close a physical resemblance to LaGuardia as Tom Bosley does, but I was amazed at the way he became more and more Fiorello as the evening progressed, until one had to catch one's self up and remember that this was n't really LaGuardia come back among us again.
 the only performance which was too soft for me was that of Yvette Mimieux, but since someone had to become the victim of despoilers, just to emphasize that such things do happen at these fracases, I suppose this was the attitude the part called for.
 to anyone who remembers Newport at its less than maximum violence, this view of what the boys and girls do in the springtime before they wing north for the Jazz Festival ought to prove entertaining.
 his letter to his daughter on the pains of growing up is surely as trenchant, forthright, and warmly understanding a piece of advice as ever a grown-up penned to a sensitive child, and with just the right tone of unpatronizing good humor.
 it is repeated at intervals in some rather sadly desperate word-games for insomniacs, the hospitalized, and others forced to rely on inner resources, including ( in the P 's alone )" palindromes"," paraphrases", and" parodies".
" how the Kooks Crumble" features an amusingly accurate take-off on sneaky announcers who attempt to homogenize radio- TV commercials, and" The Watchers of the Night" is a veritable waking nightmare.
 James, he remarks in a letter to a friend," is attempting the impossible **h namely, to produce upon the reader, as a painting produces upon the gazer, a number of superimposed, simultaneous impressions.
 the latest Low is a puzzler.
 the reader meets a few old friends like Blimp and the TUC horse, and becomes better acquainted with new members of the cast of characters like the bomb itself, and civilization in her classic robe watching the nuclear arms race, her hair standing straight out.
 but there was terror in the thirties when the Nazis were on the loose and in those days Low struck like lightning.
 it might be argued that the Communists are less inhuman than the Nazis and furnish the artist with drama in a lower key.
 Suez?
 but like all despots, as he builds his following from among the gullible, he grows more threatening toward those who will n't follow- such solid citizens as Doc Raccoon;
 Robert Hillyer, the poet, writes in his introduction to this brief animal fable that Mr& Burman ought to win a Nobel Prize for the Catfish Bend series.
 he may have a point in urging that decadent themes be given fewer prizes.
 it combines qualities that are seldom found in one work: scrupulous scholarship, a fund of personal experience, a sense of drama and characterization and a broad grasp of the era's great historical issues.
 recognizing that there could have been no effective negotiated peace with Hitler, he points out the shocking failure to give support to the anti-Nazi underground, which very nearly eliminated Hitler in 1944.
 the second, the seizure of power by the Bolsheviks ( who later called themselves Communists ) in November of the same year.
 #PLEBIAN DICTATORS# Of many passages in the book that exemplify the author's vivid style, the characterizations of the two plebeian dictators whose crimes make those of crowned autocrats pale by comparison may be selected.
 _@_ This is the tale of one John Enright, an American who has accidentally killed a man in the prize ring and is now trying to forget about it in a quiet place where he may become a quiet man.
 although he is not graced with the subtleties of romantic technique, that 's not what an ex-prize fighter is supposed to have, anyway.
 it sometimes threatens to linger in the memory after the final curtain, and some of it, such as the catchy" Sez I", does.
 mr& Paray resisted the temptation to over-emphasize the melodic elements of the score.
 his wicked deeds were carried on by Anselmo Colzani, who was taking the part for the first time with the company.
 with a few telling strokes he characterized Alvise magnificently.
 part of this characterization was, of course, accomplished with the vocal chords.
 Eileen Farrell in the title role, Mignon Dunn as La Cieca and Richard Tucker as Enzo were holdovers from earlier performances this season, and all contributed to a vigorous performance.
 even after Elizabethan traditions were weakened by the Cromwellian interregnum, the practice of singing together- choruses, catches and glees- always flourished.
 #EARLY INTEREST# Latter-day interest in Elizabethan singing dates well back into the nineteenth century in England, much ahead of similar revivals in other countries.
 only with the more sensual, intense and baroque expressions of Marenzio, Monteverdi and Gesualdo does the singing seem a little superficial.
 they specialize in out-of-the-way items and old French music naturally occupies a good deal of their attention.
 rococo music- a lot of it- was played in Carnegie Recital Hall on Saturday night in the first of four concerts being sponsored this season by a new organization known as Globe Concert Arts.
 since rococo music tends to be pretty and elegant above all, it can seem rather vacuous to twentieth-century ears that have grown accustomed to the stress and dissonances of composers from Beethoven to Boulez.
 it was paired with a Darius Milhaud opera," The Poor Sailor", set to a libretto by Jean Cocteau, a kind of Grand Guignol by the sea, a sailor returns, unrecognized, and gets done in by his wife.
 certainly not the largest afternoon audience Newport has ever had at a jazz concert and the most attentive and quiet.
 and Judy sang the lovely old familiar things which seemed, at times, a blessed relief from the way-out compositions of the progressive jazzmen who have dominated these proceedings.
"," Puttin' on the Ritz"," How Long Has This Been Going On?
 her bouffant coiffure was fortunately combed on the left which happened to be the direction from which a brisk breeze was blowing.
 but it did n't take Judy Garland, showman, long to realize that this sort of thing was par for the course at Newport and that you have to learn to live with it.
 this was perhaps symbolic of the jazz of the evening- flashes in the distance, but no storm.
 several times it came near breaking, and there were in fact some lovely peals of thunder from Jerry Mulligan's big band, which is about as fine an aggregation as has come along in the jazz business since John Hammond found Count Basie working in a Kansas City trap.
 there was considerable contrast between this Mulligan performance and that of Art Blakey and The Jazz Messengers, who are able to generate a tremendous sound for such a small group.
 #JAZZ THREE OPEN PROGRAM# The evening program was opened by the Jazz Three, a Newport group consisting of Steve Budieshein on bass, Jack Warner, drums, and Don Cook, piano.
 putting on local musicians at this place in the program serves a triple purpose: it saves the top flight jazz men from being wasted in this unenviable spot, when the audience is cold, restless, and in flux;
 the Jazz Three displayed their sound musicianship, not only in their own chosen set, but as the emergency accompanists for Al Minns + Leon James, the superb jazz dancers who have now been Newport performers for three successive years, gradually moving up from a morning seminar on the evolution of the blues to a spot on the evening program.
 from this taste of the 1920s, we leaped way out to Stan Getz's private brand of progressive jazz, which did lovely, subtle things for" Baubles, Bangles and Beads", and a couple of ballards.
 Getz is a difficult musician to categorize.
 he met with enthusiastic audience approval, especially when he swung from jazz to Latin American things like the Mambo.
 a very casual, pleasant program- one of those easy-going things that make Newport's afternoon programs such a relaxing delight- was held again under sunny skies, hot sun, and a fresh breeze for an audience of at least a couple of thousands who came to Newport to hear music rather than go to the beach.
 divided almost equally into two parts, it consisted of" The Evolution of the Blues", narrated by Jon Hendricks, who had presented it last year at the Monterey, Calif&, Jazz Festival, and an hour-long session of Maynard Ferguson and his orchestra, a blasting big band.
 tracing the blues from its African roots among the slaves who were brought to this country and the West Indies, he stressed the close relationship between the early jazz forms and the music of the Negro churches.
 #SURPRISE ADDITION# To help him on this religious aspect of primitive jazz he had" Big" Miller, as a preacher-singer and Hannah Dean, Gospel-singer, while Oscar Brown Jr&, an extremely talented young man, did a slave auctioneer's call, a field-hands' work song, and a beautifully sung Negro lullaby," Brown Baby", which was one of the truly moving moments of the festival.
 one of those delightful surprise additions, which so frequently occur in jazz programs, was an excellent stint at the drums by the great Joe Jones, drumming to" Old Man River", which seems to have been elected the favorite solo for the boys on the batterie at this year's concerts.
 nor did the dancing involved really seize the attention at any time.
 all the performances of the evening were smooth and assured, and the sizable company, with Mr& Nagrin and Marion Scott as its leading dancers, seemed to be fine shape.
 the young Texas pianist can make great chords ring out as well as anyone, so last night the massive sonorities of this challenging concerto were no hazard to him.
 ) #SECOND CHANCE# Like the Gershwins, Richard Rodgers and Lorenz Hart were loath to let a good song get away from them.
 #RESOURCEFUL VOICES# There are the full-bodied, resourceful voices of Robert Weede, Mimi Benzell and Tommy Rall to make the most of Mr& Herman 's lilting melodies and, for an occasional change of pace, the bright humor of Molly Picon.
 in describing the initial Allied occupation of a middle-sized German city, the picture has color, pictorial pull and genuinely moving moments.
 under Yakov Segal's direction, it begins stirringly, as crouching Soviet and Nazi troops silently scan each other, waiting for the first surrender gesture.
 one is not sure who emerges as the main personality of this book- Mijbil, with his rollicking ways, or Maxwell himself, poet, portrait painter, writer, journalist, traveller and zoologist, sensitive but never sentimental recorder of an unusual way of life, in a language at once lyrical and forceful, vivid and unabashed.
 among the Moliere specialists of some years ago, Louis Jouvet tried to humanize some of the clowns, while Fernand Ledoux, often performing at the Comedie, made them more gross than Moliere may have intended.
 Jouvet played him as a sincere zealot, and Ledoux, at the Comedie, made him a gross buffoon, or so the historians tell us.
 we are often told that the Comedie has, unfortunately, life-contracts with old actors who are both mediocre and lazy, drawing their pay without much acting but probably doing real service to the Comedie by staying off the stage.
 there is hardly a jazz guitarist in the business today who does n't owe something to Django.
 he told once of how he switched his style of playing to jazz after listening to two old Armstrong records he bought in the Flea Market in Paris.
 it was the first jazz he had heard.
 and this was before he began to play his startlingly beautiful jazz.
 he is one of the few men in history who plays jazz on a violin.
 kid Ory, the trombonist chicken farmer, is also one of the solid anchor points of jazz.
 good Time Jazz has released a nice two-record album which he made.
 Phil Gomez, clarinet;
 the set contains" High Society"," Do What Ory Say"," Down Home Rag"," Careless Love", Jazz Me Blues"," Weary Blues"," Original Dixieland One-Step"," Bourbon Street Parade"," Panama"," Toot, Toot, Tootsie"," Oh Did n't He Ramble"," Beale Street Blues"," Maryland, My Maryland"," 1919 Rag"," Eh, La Bas"," Mood Indigo", and" Bugle Call Rag".
 all this will serve to show off the Ory style in fine fashion and is a must for those who want to collect elements of the old-time jazz before it is too late to lay hands on the gems.
 that is an evening of music-making that would faze many a younger man;
 #@# The American part of the evening consisted of Paul Creston's Dance Overture, William Schuman's" Chester" from" New England Triptych" and two works of Wallingford Riegger, Dance Rhythms, Op& 58, and a Romanza for Strings, Op& 56 A. the Creston is purely a potboiler, with Spanish, English, French and American dances mixed into the stew.
 like his sweet, attractive Romanza, it belongs to what the composer called his" Non-Dissonant ( Mostly )" category of works.
 Alexandre Livshitz repeated a fantastic technical bit from the closing number," Taras Bulba", but even then there was a substantial number of diehards who seemed determined not to go home at all.
 Yuri Soloviev, Oleg Sokolov, Alexei Zhitkov, Lev Sokolov, Yuri Korneyev and Mr& Livshitz were the chief soloists, but everybody on stage was magnificent.
 his zest for specific detail, his sensitivity to emotional atmosphere, his tireless industry and his crisply turned prose all contribute to the effectiveness of his book.
 in the process he writes at length about many related matters: the importance of race, religion, local tradition, bosses, organizations, zealous volunteers and television.
 he enlisted a staff of loyal experts and of many zealous volunteers.
 #@# One such moment came in the breathtaking way Miss Pons sang the cadenza to Meyerbeer's" Shadow Song".
 later on this problem vanished, and the" Flower Song" from Bizet's" Carmen" was beautifully and intelligently projected.
 lower costs and a larger number of stations are the key factors making such specialization possible.
 the mushrooming of FM outlets, offering concerts ( both jazz and classical ), lectures, and other special events, is a phenomenon which has had a fair amount of publicity.
 these and other figures and comments have been reported in a special supplement of Sponsor magazine, a trade publication for radio and TV advertisers.
 for 10 years Sponsor has issued an annual survey of the size and characteristics of the Negro market and of successful techniques for reaching this market through radio.
 a half-dozen other stations in the New York area also bid for attention of the city's Negro population, up about 50 per cent in the past decade.
 sponsor magazine notes the stress on popular Negro bands and singers;
 it will continue to be important as a means of orientation to the Negro, seeking to become urbanized, as he tries to make adjustment to the urban life.
 Sloan created such works for newspaper supplements before syndication threw him out of a job and sent him to roam the streets of New York, thereby building for America an incomparable city survey from paintings of McSorley's Saloon to breezy clotheslines on city roofs.
 dr& W& B& Bonnor, reader in mathematics at Queen Elizabeth College, London;
 for this reason, he says, the density of the universe always remains the same even though the galaxies are zooming away in all directions.
 for new galaxies to be created, Professor Bondi declares, it would only be necessary for a single hydrogen atom to be created in an area the size of your living room once every few million years.
 there were several fairly good minor portraits in the play, including William Hansen's impersonation of a stubborn, rather pathetic father, and Katherine Squire's vigorous characterization of a farm mother who brooked no hifalutin' nonsense from her daughter, or anyone else.
 Elisabeth Schwarzkopf sang so magnificently Saturday night at Hunter College that it seems a pity to have to register any complaints.
 Schwarzkopf is, of course, Schwarzkopf.
 instead of her old confidence in the simplest, purest, most moving musical expression, Miss Schwarzkopf is letting herself be tempted by the classic sin of artistic pride- that subtle vanity that sometimes misleads a great artist into thinking that he or she can somehow better the music by bringing to it something extra, some personal dramatic touch imposed from the outside.
 Miss Schwarzkopf and her excellent pianist, John Wustman, often achieved the highest lyrical ideals of the lieder tradition.
 Miss Schwarzkopf is too great an artist to need them.
 most of them were written between 1953 and 1960 and originally appeared in various magazines.
 so in these pages one can share his wonder at the traditional fiesta of St& Torpetius that still persists in St& Tropez;
 and, for all his lacquered, almost Byzantine self-consciousness, he can make one recognize the aptness of an unexpected comparison.
 #BEAUTY BORROWED FROM AFAR# In one of his best essays Mr& Sansom expresses his enthusiasm for the many country mansions designed by Andrea Palladio himself that dot the environs of Vicenza.
 how far that pedimented and pillared style has shed its influence Mr& Sansom reminds us thus:" the white colonnaded, cedar-roofed Southern mansion is directly traceable via the grey and buff stone of grey-skied England to the golden stucco of one particular part of the blue South, the Palladian orbit stretching out from Vicenza: the old mind of Andrea Palladio still smiles from behind many an old rocking chair on a Southern porch, the deep friezes of his architectonic music rise firm above the shallower freeze in the kitchen, his feeling for light and shade brings a glitter from a tall mint julep, his sense of columns framing the warm velvet night has brought together a million couple of mating lips".
 the brief notes introducing each work offer salient historical or technical points, and many listeners are probably grateful for being intelligently taken by the hand through an often difficult maze.
 last Saturday's interesting melange included Ernst Toch, Karlheinz Stockhausen, Richard Yardumian and a brief excerpt from a new" space" opera by the Swedish composer, Karl-Birger Blomdahl.
 so, for that matter, are the newer dances- the" Kalmuk Dance" with its animal movements, that genial juggling act by Sergei Tsvetkov called" The Platter", the rousing and beautiful betrothal celebration called" Summer"," The Three Shepherds" of Azerbaijan hopping up on their staffs, and, of course, the trenchant" Rock ' n ' Roll".
 as autumn starts its annual sweep, few Americans and Canadians realize how fortunate they are in having the world's finest fall coloring.
 their autumn tints are all fairly low keyed compared with the fiery stabs of crimson, gold, purple, bronze, blue and vermilion that flame up in North America.
 in fact, a freezing autumn dulls the blaze.
 foliage pilgrimages, either organized or individual, are becoming an autumn item for more and more Americans each year.
 #MIDDLE ATLANTIC STATES._ The Adirondacks blaze brightest in early October, choice routes being 9 N from Saratoga up to Lake George and 73 and 86 in the Lake Placid area.
 farther south in New York there is a heavy haze of color over the Catskills in mid-October, notably along routes 23 and 23 A. about the same time the Alleghenies and Poconos in Pennsylvania are magnificent- Renovo holds its annual Flaming Foliage Festival on Oct& 14, 15.
 farther south, there are attractive patches all the way to the Ozarks, with some seasonal peaks as late as early November.
 _THE WEST._ The Rockies have many" Aspencades", which are organized tours of the aspen areas with frequent stops at vantage points for viewing the golden panoramas.
 every Wednesday night through Oct& 11 there will be an elaborate colored fountain display, with 229 nozzles throwing jets of water up to 130 feet.
 the" peacock tail" nozzle throws a giant fan of water 100 feet wide and 40 feet high.
 @ _DARK RIDER._ This retelling by Louis Zara of the brief, anguished life of Stephen Crane- poet and master novelist at 23, dead at 28- is in novelized form but does not abuse its tragic subject.
 but slowly they take over as Alain Delon ( LIFE, Sept& 15 ), playing a sometimes appealing but always criminal boy, casually tells a rich and foot-loose American that he is going to murder him, then does it even while the American is trying to puzzle out how Delon expects to profit from the act.
 @ Of the nation 's eight million pleasure-boat owners a sizable number have learned that late autumn is one of the loveliest seasons to be afloat- at least in that broad balmy region that lies below America's belt line.
 and on northern shores indomitable sailors from Long Island to Lake Michigan will beat around the buoys in dozens of frostbite races.
 #BOATING# _WEST COAST._ Pleasure boating is just scooting into its best months in California as crisp breezes bring out craft of every size on every kind of water- ocean, lake and reservoir.
 inland, outboard motorists welcome cooler weather and the chance to buzz over Colorado River sandbars and Lake Mead.
 sailing activity is slowed down by Texas northers, but power cruisers can move freely, poking into the San Jacinto, Trinity and Brazos rivers ( fine tarpon fishing in the Brazos ) or pushing eastward to the pirate country of Barataria.
 he proposed throwing together a man in an occupation of high hazard and a woman balanced on a knife-edge between death from tuberculosis and recovery.
 hazards to life and limb on the golf course, while existent, are actuarially insignificant.
 the necessity is not clear to me, and, in any case, to present a case-hardened race-driver as saying he has left his car, which, or whom, he calls" Giuseppe", parked" on the Place Vendome sneering at a dozen Bentleys and Rolls-Royces parked around him" is not a liberty;
 against this invincible determination to communize the whole world stands a group of nations unable to agree on fundamentals and each refusing to make any sacrifice of sovereignty for the common good of all.
 but then, Mario Lanza was no common singer, and his whole career, public and non-public, was studded with the kind of unconventional happenings that terminate with the appearance of his first" recital" only when he has ceased to be a living voice.
 to be sure, Lanza made numerous concert tours, here and abroad, but these did not take him to New York where the carping critic might lurk.
 in this same society, the plain citizen can with an average of only one-fifth his income buy more calories than he can consume.
 at juice bars in Los Angeles' 35" health" stores, a new sensation is a pink, high-protein cocktail, concocted of dried eggs, powdered milk and cherry-flavored No-Cal, which sells for 59@ per 8-oz& glass.
 grocery stores sell dozens of foods that boast of having almost no food value at all.
 he has measured the skinfolds ( the fleshy areas under the shoulder blades ) of Neapolitan firemen, studied the metabolism of Finnish woodcutters, analyzed the" mealie-meal" eaten by Capetown coloreds, and experimented on Minneapolis businessmen.
 in moderate doses, alcohol narcotizes the appestat and enhances appetite ( the original reason for the cocktail );
 but because liquor has a high caloric value- 100 calories per oz&- the heavy drinker is seldom hungry.
 Physiologist Keys flatly dismisses such appetite depressants as the amphetamines ( Benzedrine, Dexedrine ) as dangerous" crutches for a weak will".
 #FATS + CORONARIES.# Ordinarily, the human liver synthesizes only enough cholesterol to satisfy the body's needs- for transportation of fats and for production of bile.
 during World War 2,, doctors in The Netherlands and Scandinavia noted a curious fact: despite the stresses of Nazi occupation, the death rate from coronary artery disease was slowly dropping.
 the three fats have similar caloric values ( about 265 calories per oz& ), but each exerts a radically different influence on blood cholesterol.As a result, although we still make use of this distinction, there is much confusion as to the meaning of the basic terms employed.
 although the particular form of conceptualization which popular imagination had made in response to the experience of spirit was undoubtedly defective, the raw experience itself which led to such excesses remains with us as vividly as ever.
 there is no framework or structure of thought with respect to which we can organize it and no part of reality, as we know and apprehend it, with respect to which we can refer this experience.
 the conversation of the characters creates an atmosphere suggesting the usual mixture of pleasures, foibles, irritations, and concerns which would characterize the common life of a normal village in any age.
 it is not enough in accounting for this feeling to analyze it into the wickedness of individual people added together to produce a cumulative effect.
 so it is too with many other spirits which we all know: the spirit of Nazism or Communism, school spirit, the spirit of a street corner gang or a football team, the spirit of Rotary or the Ku Klux Klan.
 the absurd notion that demythologization entails the expurgation of all mythological concepts completely misrepresents Bultmann's intention.
 nor is it necessary to look for such evidence in the great urban centers of our culture that are admittedly almost entirely secularized and so profoundly estranged from the conventional forms in which the gospel has been communicated.
 although the theological forms of the past continue to exist in a way they do not in a more secularized situation, the striking thing is the rapidity with which they are being reduced to a marginal existence.
 the same thing is also evidenced by the extreme" culture-Protestantism" so often observed to characterize the preaching and teaching of the American churches.
 in the absence of a truly adequate conceptuality in which the gospel can be expressed, the unavoidable need to demythologize it makes use of whatever resources are at hand- and this usually means one or another of the various forms of" folk religion" current in the situation.
 this is not to say that the < only > explanation of the present infatuation with Norman Vincent Peale's" cult of reassurance" or the other types of a purely cultural Christianity is the ever-present need for a demythologized gospel.
 however, even if the latent demand for demythologization is not nearly as widespread as we are claiming, at least among the cultured elements of the population there tends to be an almost complete indifference to the church and its traditional message of sin and grace.
 in arguing in this way, we are obviously taking for granted that a demythologized restatement of the kerygma can be achieved;
 but the main point here is that even if such a restatement were < not > possible, the demand to demythologize the kerygma would still be unavoidable.
 we have aligned ourselves with that" liberal" tradition in Protestant Christianity that counts among the great names in its history those of Schleiermacher, Ritschl, Herrmann, Harnack, and Troeltsch, and more recently, Schweitzer and the early Barth and, in part at least, Bultmann.
 when we say, then, that today, in our situation, the demand for demythologization must be accepted without condition, we are simply saying that at least this much of the liberal tradition is an enduring achievement.
 however much we may have to criticize liberal theology's constructive formulations, the theology we ourselves must strive to formulate can only go < beyond > liberalism, not < behind > it.
 for we have said, in effect, that of the two alternatives to his position variously represented by the other participants in the demythologizing discussion, only one is really an alternative.
 if the demand for demythologization is unavoidable and so must be accepted by theology unconditionally, the position of the" right" is clearly untenable.
 whereas Bultmann's" center" position is structurally inconsistent and is therefore indefensible on formal grounds alone, the general position of the" right", as represented, say, by Karl Barth, involves the rejection or at least qualification of the demand for demythologization and so is invalidated on the material grounds we have just considered.
 it follows, then, provided the possibilities have been exhausted, that the only < real > alternative is the general viewpoint of the" left", which has been represented on the Continent by Fritz Buri and, to some extent at least, is found in much that is significant in American and English theology.
 it will be recalled from the discussion in Section 7 that the position of the" right", as represented by Barth, rests on the following thesis: the only tenable alternative to Bultmann's position is a theology that ( 1 ) rejects or at least qualifies his unconditioned demand for demythologization and existential interpretation;
 representing as it did the efforts of only unauthorized individuals of the Roman and Anglican Churches, and urging a communion of prayer unacceptable to Rome, this association produced little fruit, and, in fact, was condemned by the Holy Office in 1864.
 according to a newspaper report of the 1961 statistics of the Church of England, the" total of confirmed members is 9,748,000, but only 2,887,671 are registered on the parochial church rolls", and" over 27 million people in England are baptized into the Church of England, but roughly only a tenth of them continue".
 an amazing article in the < Manchester Guardian > of last November, entitled" Fate of Redundant Churches", states than an Archbishops' Commission" reported last month that in the Church of England alone there are 790 churches which are redundant now, or will be in 20 years' time.
 and in the last five years, the" Methodist chapel committee has authorized the demolition or, more often, the sale of 764 chapels".
 the English saints are widely venerated, quite naturally, and now there is great hope that the Forty Martyrs and Cardinal Newman will soon be canonized.
 the straight line would symbolize its uniqueness, the circle its universality.
 but how can one figure symbolize both?
 his history is his alone, yet each man must recognize his own history in it.
 there is no justification for systematizing the random statements of Irenaeus about the image of God beyond this, nor for reading into his imprecise usage the later theological distinction between the image of God ( humanity ) and the similitude of God ( immortality ).
 it represents a punishment that he knows he deserves, but it also symbolizes most dramatically that he lives his life within the process of time.
 Ezra Stiles Gannett, an honorable representative of the sanhedrin, addressed himself frankly to the issue in 1845, insisting that Parker should not be persecuted or calumniated and that in this republic no power to restrain him by force could exist.
 to the extent that he was ostracized or even reviled, we solace ourselves by saying he asked for it.
 Parker, along with Garrison and Charles Sumner, showed a magnificent moral bravery when facing mobs mobilized in defense of the Mexican War and slavery.
 an institutionalized liberalism proved itself fundamentally an institution, and only within those defined limits a license.
 by reminding ourselves of these factors in the situation, we should, I am sure, come to a fresh realization, however painful it be, that the battle between Parker and his neighbors was fought in earnest.
 he arraigned the citizens in language of so little courtesy that they had to respond with, at the least, resentment.
 because he copiously shed his own tears, and yielded himself up as a living sacrifice to the impersonalized conscience of New England, he was not disturbed by the havoc he worked in other people's consciences.
 what a joy to realize that we, too, can claim this promise tendered by the Lord during His earthly ministry to a group of men who were very dear to Him.
 our necks are stiff from gazing at the wonders of outer space, which have captured the imagination of the American public.
 we consume tons of aspirin and tranquilizers and sleeping pills in order to get a moment's relief from the tensions that are tearing us apart.
 meanwhile, the enemy will capitalize on our fears, if he can.
 that is a sound position, but it is important that Moscow shall recognize it not merely as the word of a president but as the mind of a free people who are not afraid.
 he could only see the light coming over the horizon.
 THE" LO SHU" SQUARE AS AN EXPRESSION OF CENTRALITY# The concept of the Middle Kingdom at peace, strong and united under a forceful ruler, which had been only a longed-for ideal in the time of the Warring States, was finally realized by the establishment of a Chinese Empire under the Ch 'in dynasty ( 221-207 B&C& ).
 although modern scholars have expressed surprise that" the simple magic square of three", a mere" mathematical puzzle", was able to exert a considerable influence on the minds and imaginations of the cultured Chinese for so many centuries, they could have found most of the answers right within the square itself.
 but, up to now, no one has attempted to analyze its inherent mathematical properties, or the numerical significance of its numbers- singly or in combination- and then tried to consider these in the light of Old Chinese cosmological concepts.
 thus all differences were leveled, and all contrasts erased, in a realm of no distinction, and the harmonious balance of the < Lo Shu > square could effectively symbolize the world in balanced harmony around a powerful central axis.
 the tremendous emphasis on the 5 in the < Lo Shu > square- for purely mathematical reasons- and the fact that this number so neatly symbolized the heart and center of the universe, could well explain why the Old Chinese seem to have so revered the number 5, and why they put so much stress on the concept of Centrality.
 the existing reverence for Centrality must have been still further stimulated toward the close of the second century B&C&, when the Han Emperor Wu Ti ordered the dynastic color changed to yellow- which symbolized the Center among the traditional Five Directions- and took 5 as the dynastic number, believing that he would thus place himself, his imperial family, and the nation under the most auspicious influences.
 after this time, inscriptions on the Han bronze mirrors, as well as other writings, emphasized the desirability of keeping one's self at the center of the universe, where cosmic forces were strongest.
 but why did the Old Chinese postulate < five > elements, when the Ancient Near East- which may have initiated the idea that natural elements exerted influence in human life and activities- recognized only four?
 _2)_ < Use dramatization > - for example, in discussing the Lord's Supper or church symbolism.
 _9)_ < Assign a series of catechism questions > to be memorized.
 George E& Sweazey writes:" there is danger in trying to make admission to the Church so easy and painless that people will scarcely know that anything has happened".
 it provides a natural transition into the life of the local church and its organizations.
 it is difficult to say what can be done about them except that we must learn to recognize when it is they, rather than pretexts for them, that are causing the trouble, and do everything possible to nurture the healthy personalities that will prevent the development of such deficiencies.
 insofar as these nations claim to incarnate traditions and ways of life which constitute ultimate, trans-political justifications for their existence, such people are inevitably led to emphasize the ways in which these traditions and ways are < theirs > rather than someone else 's.
 in 1960 Ceylon nationalized its sectarian- preponderantly Christian- schools, to the rejoicing of most of its 7,000,000 Buddhists and the lament of its 800,000 Roman Catholics.
 the progressive closing of Afro-Asian ears to the Christian message is epitomized in a conversation I had three years ago while flying from Jerusalem to Cairo.
 although I have emphasized the barriers which an aroused nationalism has raised against relations between Christians and non-Christians in Asia, the fact is that this development has also widened the gulf between certain Afro-Asian religions themselves.
 certainly, in analyzing an action which truly faced such alternatives," it is < never > possible that no world would be preferable to some worlds, and there are in truth < no > circumstances in which the destruction of human life presents itself as a reasonable alternative".
 nevertheless, according to the traditional theory, a man begins in the midst of action and he analyzes its nature and immediate cosequences before or while putting it forth and causing these consequences.
 and, now and in the future unlike in the past, any attempt to repel injury and to preserve any particular civilized attainment of mankind or its provisional justice runs some risk of nuclear warfare and the danger that an effect of it will, by human action, render this planet less habitable by the human race.
 MUCH MORE than shelter, housing symbolizes social status, a sense of" belonging", acceptance within a given group or neighborhood, identification with particular cultural values and social institutions, feelings of pride and worth, aspirations and hopes basic to human well-being.
 obviously what we are confronted with here is the identification of" professional" with narrow skills and specialization, the effective servicing of a client, rather than responsiveness to the wider and deeper meaning and associations of one's work.
 these men- for the most part educated in our" best" New England colleges, well established financially and socially in the community- under kindly but insistent probing, reveal little or no objective or explicit criteria or data for their generalizations about the interests and attitudes of the people they claim to serve, or about the public responses that actually follow their occasional breach of a" client-service relationship".
 realtors live in their communities as specialists in a given area of work, as members of social and professional organizations, as citizens and civic leaders, as church laymen, as university alumni, as newspaper readers, etc&.
 ( 1 ) Most of the realtors minimized their own understanding of and role in the racial issue, pleading that they only reflect the attitudes and intentions of their society.
 also, it does not recognize the elements of choice and judgment continually employed.
 #"AGAINST THE GRAIN OF CREATION"# ( 2 ) Realtors realize, of course, that they are involved in an increasingly complex legal and political system that is opening up opportunities for leverage on their relation to clients as well as opportunities for evasion of their responsibility for racial discrimination in housing.
 as a theologian in the group pointed out, a professional was, before the modern period of technical specialization, one who" professed" to be a bearer and critic of his culture in the use of his particular skills.
 if we look about the world today, we can see clearly that there are two especially significant factors shaping the future of our civilization: < science > and < religion >.
 it was only about the size of a baseball;
 and with the availability of bombs of that size, war became a new problem.
 and the size of the ocean shows us the magnitude of the destructive power we hold in our hands today.
 imagine that there is a blizzard over Pennsylvania, but instead of snowing snow, it snows peas;
 next we imagine our blizzard raging over all the land areas of the entire globe- North America, South America, Europe, Asia, and Africa, all covered with peas four feet deep;
 next we freeze over the oceans and cover the whole earth with peas, then we go out among the neighboring stars, collect 250 planets each the size of the earth, and also cover each of these with peas four feet deep;
 and if you should step inside of such a magnified atom, according to the physics of forty years ago, you would see circulating over your head, down at the sides, and under your feet, some twenty luminous balls about the size of footballs.
 so you look down there and you see a tiny, whirling point about the size of the head of a pin.
 even if the atom were big enough to hold a football field, this nucleus is still only about the size of a pinhead.
 if I could put your body in an imaginary atomic press and squeeze you down, squeeze these holes out of you in the way we squeeze the holes out of a sponge, you would get smaller and smaller until finally when the last hole was gone, you would be smaller than the smallest speck of dust that you could see on this piece of paper.
 to generalize for the entire nation would be absurd.
 thus Baptist churches on the frontier took cognizance of charges against their members of drunkenness, fighting, malicious gossip, lying, cheating, sexual irregularities, gambling, horse racing, and failure to pay just debts.
 by the end of the century the Roman Catholic Church was beginning to make itself felt, mainly through such institutions as hospitals but also through its attitude towards organized labour.
 with its zeal for liberty and its dependence on God it breathed the spirit which had been nourished on the Evangelical revivals.
 in other words, they were actually an organization of magicians.
 the self-realized Mahayana saint possessed superhuman powers and magic.
 in its monastic form, Mahayana was merely an organization of magic-practicing monks ( < bonzes > ), who catered to the Chinese faith in the supernatural.
 promoters of Zen to the West record its ancestry, and recognize that Zen grew out of a combination of Taoism and Indian Mahayana Buddhism.
 proponents of Zen to the West emphasize disproportionately the amount of Mahayana Buddhism in Zen, probably in order to dignify the indisputably magical Taoist ideas with more respectable Buddhist metaphysic.
 but in the Chinese mind, there was little difference between the two- the < bonzes > were no more metaphysical than a magician has to be.
 it is important for an understanding of Zen to realize that the esoteric preoccupations of the select few cannot be the doctrine of the common man.
 ( 1 )" A second tale shows still more clearly the kind of powers a truly spiritual monk could possess:" on one occasion Yang Shan ( Kyo-zan ) saw a stranger monk flying through the air.
 you may be baptized, confirmed, reverent and worshipful;
 you may attend mass, do penance, say prayers and zealously keep all the sacraments and ceremonies of the church;
 I am a magazine;
 they do not understand how a small magazine with no advertising and no newsstand sale could have achieved such a following.
 fifteen years ago, troubled by the rising tide of materialism in the post-war world, a businessman and a minister asked themselves if there might not be a place for a small magazine in which men and women, regardless of creed or color, could set forth boldly their religious convictions and bear witness to the power of faith to solve the endless problems of living.
 compared to the big, established magazines, my first efforts seemed feeble indeed.
 for example, early in my life, when one of my editorial workers wanted to find out how churches and philanthropic organizations met the needs of New York's down-and-outers, he did n't just ask questions.
 visualize them, then, believe you are getting them, and you < will > have them"!
 throughout these exciting years I have been fortunate for, although I have never offered great financial inducements, talent has found its way to me: William Boal who so ably organizes business operations;
 Glenn Kittler has been twice to Africa, once spending a week with Dr& Albert Schweitzer.
 last summer John and Elizabeth Sherrill were in Alaska.
 I am a magazine;
 under another law, hundreds of farms were seized.
 undoubtedly you have read the case histories of some of his prize-winning pupils ( every pupil has a physique title of some kind or other ).
 of course he did some exercising **h he 's crazy about water skiing and swimming and this vigorous exercise in conjunction with the added food supplements packed pounds of solid muscle on his skinny frame.
 @ Physique contests are rarely won on muscle size alone **h rarer still is a < Mr& America > or < Mr& Universe > of true Herculean build.
 this comes not alone from high-set, high-rep training, but from certain definition-specialization exercises which the champion selects for himself with the knowledge of exactly what works best for < him >.
 the exercise I shall discuss in this- the first of a new series of articles on muscle definition-specialization of a particular body part- is the One Leg Lunge.
 it is the one exercise that drastically influences the definition of the thighs at the { hipline}- that mark of the champion that sets him apart from all other bodybuilders **h a criterion of muscle" drama" that is unforgettable to judges and audiences alike **h the facet of muscular development that wins prizes.
 used in several sets of high reps once or twice each week it will not be long before your entire upper leg takes on a razor-sharp definition in which the muscles look like wire cables writhing and twisting under the skin!
 THE MOST BEAUTIFUL bed of pansies I 've seen was in a South Dakota yard on a sizzling day.
 he seemed puzzled by my question.
 these specialists, I learned, have done a great deal of work to improve the size and health of the plants and the resulting flowers.
 their seeds produce vigorous blooming plants half again the size of the unimproved strains.
 I put a little scoop of pulverized phosphate rock or steamed bone meal into each hole with the plant.
 as a substitute for this, organic fertilizer dissolved in water to half the strength in the directions, may be used.
 that keeps in the cold, retains moisture and prevents the heaving of alternate freezing and thawing.
 ) the plants took zero nights in their stride, with nothing but a mat of straw over the glass to protect them.
 it is brought to packing houses, cleaned and graded as to size and quality, and packed in protective excelsior.
 it is thick, much like an egg plant's skin, so that poison sprays, if they are used, present no hazard to the consumer.
 it seems reasonable that if general nuclear war is not to be one cataclysmic act of burning each other's citizens to cinders, we must have a manned strategic force of long-endurance aircraft capable of going into China or Russia to find and destroy their strategic forces which continued to threaten us.
 few people realize that one kiloton of nuclear explosive power will create 1,000 psi overpressure at 100 feet.
 or put another way, the hardest missile site planned today could be destroyed by placing a one-kiloton warhead ( 1 the size of those used in Hiroshima and Nagasaki ) within 100 to 200 feet of the target!
 the many and frequent performances of the < Trout > serve to emphasize the dual nature of its writing.
 Artur Schnabel was one of the greatest Schubert-Beethoven-Mozart players of all time, and any commentary of his on this repertory is valuable.
 but Schnabel was a great teacher in addition to being a great performer, and the fact that four of the ten versions I listened to are by Schnabel pupils ( Clifford Curzon, Frank Glazer, Adrian Aeschbacher, and Victor Babin ) also sheds light on the master's pedagogical skills.
 turning to the more modern versions, Curzon's ( London ) offers the most sophisticated keyboard work.
 some of Curzon 's playing strikes me as finicky, however.
 ) the Glazer-Fine Arts edition ( Concert-Disc ) is a model of lucidity and organization.
 but having lived with the disc for some time now, I find the performance less exciting than either Schnabel's or Fleisher's ( whose superb performance with the Budapest Quartet has still to be recorded ) and a good deal less filled with humor than Curzon's.
 the Hephzibah Menuhin-Amadeus Quartet ( Angel ) and Victor Babin-Festival Quartet ( RCA Victor ) editions give us superlative string playing ( both in symphonic style ) crippled by unimaginative piano playing.
 ) Badura-Skoda-Vienna Konzerthaus ( Westminster ) and Demus-Schubert Quartet ( Deutsche Grammophon ) are both warm-toned, pleasantly lyrical, but rather slack and tensionless.
 since the concept of high fidelity became important some dozen years ago, the claims of technical improvements have multiplied tenfold.
 like the recent < Scheherazade > from London ( HIGH FIDELITY, Sept& 1961 ), it is successful because emphasis has been placed on good musical and engineering practices rather than on creating sensational effects.
 the < Presto ma non assai > of the first trio of the scherzo is taken literally and may shock you, as the real < Allegro con spirito > of the finale is likely to bring you to your feet.
 as with the penultimate < Giselle > release ( Wolff's abridgment for RCA Victor ) I find the cleaner, less razor-edged monophonic version, for all its lack of big-stage spaciousness, the more aurally tolerable- but this may be the result of processing defects in my SD copies.
 Juniors competed last year at American Kennel Club and Canadian Kennel Club recognized shows to be eligible to compete in this Class- the Finals for the year.
 by recognizing and helping Juniors get interested in the dog world, all will be helping to create future dog owners.
 the boats of America's trailer sailors in 1961 will be coddled on clouds as they are hauled to new horizons.
 you can cross an ocean in a fully equipped craft, sail, power, or both, or laze away a fine day in a small dinghy on a local pond.
 their cost is not beyond the hopes of the American pocketbook, the range being about $150 to $1,000, depending on size.
 there was a time when, if a man wanted to purchase a boat, it was necessary for him to be able to produce a sizeable amount of cash before he could touch the tiller or wheel.
 in 1959, the Yacht Safety Bureau was reorganized by the National Association of Engine and Boat Manufacturers and a group of insurance underwriters to provide a testing laboratory and labeling service for boats and their equipment.
 these are not governmentally subsidized organizations.
 THE design of a mechanical interlocking frame is much like a mechanical puzzle, but once understood, the principles can be applied to any track and signal arrangement.
 #FRAME# The sizes of pieces needed for the interlocking frame are shown in the notes within Fig& 7, most of the bars being 1 ' brass in 1 ' and 1 ' widths.
 now cut five **f locking bar spacers ( which run horizontally ).
 drill all No& 50 and counter-drill all except the" A" pieces size 43.
 tend to make this dimension slightly undersize so you can file the screw head to get exactly 1 ' tappet movement.
 as the work progresses the frame and moving parts become a sort of Chinese puzzle where several pieces must be removed before the part you are working on is accessible.
 without math the men who are continually seeking the causes of and the reasons for the many things that make the world go ' round would not have any means of analyzing, standardizing, and communicating the things they discover and learn.
 #GEAR RATIO- SPEED RELATIONSHIPS# There are four versions of the formula that involves the relationships of car speed, engine speed, rear axle gear ratio, and rear tire size.
 these are MPH for Car speed RPM for Engine crankshaft speed R for Rear axle gear ratio W for Tire size Tire size can be determined in several ways but the one that is the easiest and as accurate as any is by measuring the effective radius of a wheel and tire assembly.
 when tire size is measured in this manner a constant of 168 is used in the formula.
 to determine car speed for a given combination of engine speed, gear ratio, and tire size, the formula is: **f For an engine speed of 5000 rpm, a gear ratio of 4.00 to 1, and a tire radius of 13 inches, the equation would look like this: **f To determine engine speed for a given combination of the other three factors the formula is: **f Using the same figures as for the previous example, the equation becomes: **f To determine the rear axle gear ratio for a combination of the other three factors, the formula is: **f Using the figures from the previous examples, the equation becomes: **f #ORLANDO, FLA&, FEB& 2#- The best 2-year-old pacing mile up to date at Ben White Raceway has been that of Mary Liner ( Mainliner-Highland Ellen ), a member of the Dick Williams stable, who was clocked 2:25.
 torrid Freight ( Torrid-Breeze On Hal ) is a very rugged, strong-made colt with a wonderful stride who has done with ease everything asked of him.
 after well broken and equipped with 12 oz shoes on behind, bare-footed in front, she would trot a real storm with the master, Delvin, driving.
 Riverboat ( Dalzell-Cousin Rachel ) has gone in 2:38 h. Sam is having his troubles with Layton Hanover ( Dean Hanover-Lucy Hanover ), but hope to have him straightened out and going before long.
 the average reader of this magazine owns more than one gun ( we ran a survey to find out ) but he 's always on the lookout for new and better arms.
 at least five years ago, Tom Robinson of Marlin made up an over double rifle for me in this caliber, using the now defunct Model 90 action in 20-gauge size.
 the 240-grain bullet leaves the muzzle at 1,850 fps, which gives it all the smash needed at woods ranges.
 the Model 99 ( under $45 ) is a light-weight, streamlined .22 rim-fire auto with a tubular magazine that holds 18 Long Rifles.
 these are made on special order only, in Kodiak grade ( about $310 ), with integral muzzle brakes and heavy rubber recoil pads;
 Marlin's latest is also designed for the beginning shooter, although it 's a full-sized rifle with plenty of barrel weight and ample stock.
 twice a week he drove his tallyho over the Santa Cruz road, upland and through the redwood forest, with orchards below him at one hand, and glimpses of the Pacific at the other.
 the journey back he made along the coast road, traveling hell-for-leather, every lantern of the tallyho ablaze.
 breakfast was at the Palace Hotel, luncheon was somewhere in the mountain forest, and dinner was either at Boulder Creek or at Santa Cruz.
 gazing too long at the scenery could be tiring, so halts were contrived between meals.
 a replica of two coaches made in England for the Belmont Club in the East, and matchless west of the Rockies, it was the despair of whips on the Santa Cruz run.
 but for the start of the Santa Cruz run, the whip fell.
 twice he left everything to his entourage, and fled to make the Santa Cruz tour under Vernon's guidance.
 they cantered down the peninsula, not slackening until the coach reached Woodside where the Santa Cruz uplands begin.
 the Santa Cruz mountains sprawl over three counties, and the roads twist through sky-tapping redwoods down whose furrowed columns ripple streams of rain, even when heat bakes the Santa Clara valley below at the left.
 though creeks in the Santa Cruz mountains flow brimful the year round and it is forever spring, the apples that grow there have a wintry crackle.
 beautiful homes and gardens are trademarks of the South and cities particularly noted for them are Charleston, S&C&, Natchez, Miss&, and Savannah, Ga&.
 enough daylight is usually available from the windows, but if you have synchronized flash- use it.
 in Missouri ( which we are including in our general Midwest region ) you can glance into Mark Twain's birthplace at Hannibal, see the landmarks of his life and writings and visualize where Huck Finn hatched his boyish mischief.
 it is an exotic place, so different from the ordinary that the casual tourist is likely to see at first only the contrast and the ugliness of narrow streets lined with haphazard houses.
 founded in the Ninth Century B&C& it was called Byzantium 200 years later when Byzas, ruler of the Megarians, expanded the settlement and named it after himself.
 passing it, the bus climbed a hill, with the covered spice bazaar on the right and Pandelli 's, a famous and excellent restaurant, above it.
 nevertheless, it remained one of the most splendid churches of the Eastern Empire, where the Byzantine Emperors were crowned.
 beneath the dome I saw the spot where the Byzantine Emperors were crowned, a bit of floor protected now by a wooden fence.
 the round minarets, tall and graceful, rise from rectangular bases and have three platforms from which the muezzin can chant his call to prayer.
 I stayed on the car for a few minutes until, turning right, it entered a huge square, Bayezit, with the Bayezit Mosque on the right and the gate to the university just beyond it.
 called the Marmara Gazinosu, it is on the third floor, with signs pointing the way there, and has a terrace overlooking the Sea of Marmara.
 keep it no longer than 36 hours before cooking, and keep it in the coldest ( but non-freezing ) compartment of the refrigerator.
 when you start the outdoor performance, you can stay outdoors without a dozen running trips into the kitchen.
 made of the world's toughest unbreakable plastic, Melamine dinnerware comes in almost 400 different patterns and dozens of colors.
 or buy half a dozen lengths of oilcloth and change patterns for different kinds of barbecues.
 with them, you can carry steaks and hamburgers at refrigerator temperatures, and also get your frozen food for stews and chowders, to the marina or picnic, in A-1 condition.
 you 'll find, once your technique is perfected, that you can cook on a boat with a simple Bernz-O-Matic.
 you will discover you keep the sauce for basting meat in one, use six for drinks, serve soup or coffee in another half-dozen- and need one more to mix the salad dressing.
 you < can > take it with you **h a picnic bag, a grill, a cooler for soft drinks and beer, and for frozen convenience foods.
 he had a bakery make buns sized to fit his franks.
 _CANNED COCKTAIL FRANKFURTERS_ _SWEET-SOUR SAUCE_ { 1 large onion, chopped fine 2 tablespoons salad oil 1 8-oz& can crushed pineapple and 1 cup of the juice 1 cup brown sugar 2 tablespoons vinegar 1 tablespoon prepared mustard 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce } _PINEAPPLE CHUNKS_ _MUSTARD CREAM_ { 2 tablespoons dry mustard Water 1 cup heavy cream, whipped Salt Paprika } Spear canned cocktail franks with picks.
 instructions for preparing clay, drying, glazing and firing are not given.
 glazes, one-stroke ceramic colors, stains, cones as indicated in the individual instructions.
 _PRESSING DESIGNS:_ The size of wooden mold will determine the amount of clay needed.
 experiment with defects for decoration techniques of glazes and colors ).
 make slight, smooth grooves rather than cuts for the texture ( cuts could cause air pockets under the glaze creating pinholes or craters in the glaze during firing ).
 glazed with two coats of Creek-Turn white stoneware glaze ( no glaze on sides or bottom ).
 decorated on unfired glaze with one coat of one-stroke ceramic colors;
 paperweight may be personalized on back while clay is leather hard.
 unglazed.
 if inner lid is too big, trim to fit, allowing room for thickness of glaze.
 glaze with two coats of clear or transparent matt glaze.
 glaze with two coats of matt glazes in turquoise with touches of blossom pink on lid.
 inside of pieces was glazed with three coats of Creek-Turn bottle green antique glaze.
 therefore, the lumber is bought in planks and ripped to size for battens, etc&, on a table saw.
 besides flathead bronze screws, silicon bronze Stronghold nails ( made by Independent Nail + Packing Co&, Bridgewater, Mass& ) are used extensively in assembly and Weldwood resorcinal glue is used in all the joints.
 lay the cloth in place and trim it to size.
 Fiberglas materials are available from Glass Plastic Supply Co&, 1605 W& Elizabeth ave&, Linden, N& J&.
 use one coat of Firzite and one coat of marine paint.
 most of it is panelized and utilizes standard materials, and requires the use of only simple tools.
 but each step has been broken down into easy stages, utilizing standard materials and simple tools, well within the capabilities of the handyman.
 #THE THEORY# The idea behind our design is modular units, or panelization.
 everything possible has been scaled to standard sizes and measurements of materials.
 close to a large city they might even specify the size of the nails used;
 at the same time check the electrical, plumbing, and sanitary requirements, as well as possible zoning regulations.
 all panel board comes in standard **f foot size.
 the fixed window panels with louvers should have a good grade of 1 double-strength glass set in a mastic glazing compound.
 other thicknesses may necessitate ripping a special size lumber for the glass trim.
 the size of the press is usually expressed in terms of chuck capacity ( the maximum diameter tool shank it will hold ) or distance between the spindle center and the column.
 the head is mounted on a horizontal arm that swivels on the supporting column to position the drill bit instead of the work.
 the adjustable fly cutter is very useful for cutting large diameter holes and can be used to cut exact-size discs by reversing the cutter blade.
 its building was first proposed in 1791, when a group of citizens, mostly Newburyport men, petitioned the General Court for an act of incorporation.
 its original appearance is shown in an engraving published in the" Massachusetts Magazine" in May 1793, which is reproduced herewith ( Fig& 1 ).
 the bridge has survived the natural hazards of the elements, war, fire, and floods, as well as injuries incident to heavy traffic, for more than a hundred years.
 the Chenoweth brothers were experienced bridge builders, and against the competition of other, and better known, bridge designers and builders they had constructed nine of the covered, wooden bridges on the Parkersburg and Staunton Turnpike a dozen years before, as well as many other bridges for several counties.
 Reverend Joshual Corder, a Baptist minister, gathered a few citizens of Southern sympathies, to call on Jones and plead with him to spare the structure;
 centering around this historic old structure, a group of public-spirited Barbour County citizens have organized and planned a week-long series of events, beginning on May 28th and continuing through June 3rd, to observe most appropriately the centennial of the first land engagement of the Civil War at Philippi.
 another dilemma: as picturesque as a sylvan pond in the forest may be, trees offer a leaf and root hazard to the well-being of a pool.
 naturally it will be dictated to a large extent by the shape and size of your land.
 no young children may come without adults except for a specific, organized, chaperoned party.
 it may be true that pool lighting dramatizes an evening scene, but lights also attract all the insect life for miles around.
 if that's done, the house can be designed and oriented for best operation, and this can mean savings both in the size of equipment and in the cost of the house itself.
 you can get year- 'round air conditioners in the same variety of styles in which you buy a furnace alone- high or low boy, horizontal or counterflow.
 this is especially important if you live in a mild-winter zone.
 it is, in effect, an oversize room conditioner equipped with prefab glass-fiber ducts to distribute the cooled, cleaned, dehumidified air where it is wanted.
 in a long, rambling ranch, two such units can be installed, one serving the living area, the other the sleeping zone.
 in each case, having separate systems for living and sleeping areas has the advantage of permitting individual zone control.
 consider it as a standby setup, at negligible cost, for those emergencies when the furnace quits, a blizzard holds up fuel delivery, or for cool summer mornings or evenings when you do n't want to start up your whole heating plant.
 the safest procedure is to let your builder estimate the size of the unit you need, rather than trying to do this yourself.
 better to have your equipment slightly undersized than too big.
 an oversize unit will cool off your house quickly, then shut down for a long period.
 with a unit of the right size, a compressor will run continuously during hot weather, reducing humidity as evenly as it does temperature.
 _MONEY-SAVING TIPS._ Attention to details can cut in half the size unit you need and pare operating expense proportionately.
 insulate, weatherstrip, double-glaze to the maximum.
 it is usually helpful to make a sketch map in the field, showing the size and location of the features of interest and to take photographs at the site.
 fishing interest calls for a check of the species found, quantity and size, the season they are available, and the stocking program of the fish commission.
 many things need to be checked: #SIZE AND SHAPE#- The size of the area alone can be a determining factor.
 look at the trees as to size and interest, the amount of shade they provide, how healthy they are, the problems of maintenance, fire hazards, wind throw, etcetera.
 your invitation to write about Serge Prokofieff to honor his 70th Anniversary for the April issue of < Sovietskaya Muzyka > is accepted with pleasure, because I admire the music of Prokofieff;
 a tongue-in-cheek stylization of 18th-Century ideas;
 > certainly its composer was an ascending star on a new world horizon.
 I heard the < Classical > Symphony for the first time when Koussevitzky conducted it in Paris in 1927.
 his life-long friend, Serge Koussevitzky, gave unreservedly of his praise and brilliant performances in Boston, New York, and Washington, D& C&, to which he added broadcastings and recordings for the whole nation.
" Uncle Sam" was, indeed, a rich uncle to Prokofieff, in those opulent, post-war victory years of peace and prosperity, bold speculations and extravaganzas, enjoyment and pleasure:" the Golden Twenties".
 we unanimously agreed that Prokofieff had won his rights as a world citizen to the first ranks of Twentieth-Century Composers.
 nevertheless, Prokofieff was much influenced by Paris during the Twenties: the Paris which was the artistic center of the Western World- the social Paris to which Russian aristocracy migrated- the < chic > Paris which attracted the tourist dollars of rich America- the < avant-garde > Paris of Diaghileff, Stravinsky, Koussevitzky, Cocteau, Picasso- the < laissez-faire > Paris of Dadaism and ultramodern art- the Paris < sympathique > which took young composers to her bosom with such quick and easy enthusiasms.
 meanwhile, three great terrible forces were coagulating and crystallizing.
 the later works were conceived to affirm a way of life for fellow citizens.
 his various aesthetic postulates remain as landmarks of a house divided against itself: Supra-Expressionism, Neo-Paganism, Neo-Classicism, Neo-Romanticism, Neo-Jazz, Neo-Ecclesiasticism, Neo-Popularism, and most recently, Post-Serialism- all competing with each other within one composer!
 a maladroit reharmonization of our National Anthem ( < The Star-Spangled Banner > );
 a poor attempt to write an idiomatic jazz concerto;
 on that date the Musicians Emergency Fund, organized to furnish employment for musicians unable to obtain engagements during the depression and to provide relief for older musicians who lost their fortunes in the stock market crash, observed its 30th anniversary.
 and like this English master, Mason realizes his subjects in large, simplified masses which, though they seem effortless, are in reality the result of skilled design born of hard work and a thorough distillation of the natural form that inspired them.
 what I have observed time and time again is a process of integration, integration that begins as abstract design and gradually takes on recognizable form;
 and that over-all, amazing control of large washes which is the Mason stylemark.
" if I have seemed to emphasize the structure of the composition, I mean to project equal concern for color.
" my usual palette consists of top-quality colors: alizarin crimson, orange, raw sienna, raw umber, burnt sienna, sepia, cerulean blue, cobalt blue, French ultramarine blue, Winsor green, Hooker's green @2, cadmium yellow pale, yellow ochre, Payne's gray, charcoal gray, Davy's gray, and ivory black".
 in analyzing the watercolors of Roy Mason, the first thing that comes to mind is their essential decorativeness, yet this word has such a varied connotation that it needs some elaboration here.
 his pictures generalize, though they are inspired by a particular locale;
 they universalize in terms of weather, skies, earth, and people.
 when I looked up the actual date of his birth and found it to be March 15th, I realized that Roy was born under the right zodiacal sign for a watercolorist: the water sign of Pisces ( February 18-March 20 ).
 over the years, beginning in 1929, Mason has been awarded seventeen major prizes including two gold medals;
 two American Watercolor Society prizes;
 the Blair Purchase Prize for watercolor, Art Institute of Chicago;
 and others in Buffalo, New York, Chautauqua, New Haven, Rochester, Rockport, and most recently, the $300 prize for a watercolor at the Laguna Beach Art Association, He was elected to the National Academy of Design as an Associate in the oil class in 1931 ( after receiving his first Ranger Fund Purchase Prize at the Academy in 1930 ), and elevated to Academicianship in 1940.
 the parallel bars, horse, buck, springboard, horizontal bar, rings, and mats formerly in the school gyms were replaced by baseball, volleyball, basketball and football.
 the addition of endurance training later, when the body is mature enough to benefit from it without danger of injury, provides that final quality that makes the top athlete, soldier or citizen.
 EVERY taxpayer is well aware of the vast size of our annual defense budget and most of our readers also realize that a large portion of these expenditures go for military electronics.
 the microscope and orthicon are both selected to operate well into the ultraviolet spectrum, which means that all lenses must be quartz.
 at the University of Washington Medical School, the electronics group has developed the" Respiratory Gas Analyzer" shown in Fig& 3.
 it is also possible to utilize a pressure transducer, mounted at the end of a catheter which is inserted into the heart 's left ventricle, to indicate the blood pressure in the heart itself.
 they supplemented their income by small government assistance, by tutoring and economizing wherever they could.
 he completed his training in pharmacy also, taking his degree with high honors in 1797, and in 1799 was awarded the degree of Doctor of Philosophy along with a prize for an essay in medicine.
 with Ritter he was exposed to the fantastic profusion of ideas that stormed through his host's fertile but disorganized mind.
 Oersted remodeled Ritter's notes into an essay in French which was submitted to the Institut de France for its annual prize of 3,000 francs.
 the sound discoveries of this quixotic genius were so diluted by those of fantasy that the prize was never awarded to him.
 in 1806 his ambition was realized and he became professor of physics at the Copenhagen University, though not realizing full professorship ( ordinarius ) until 1817.
 in February 1801, Oersted did manage to experiment with physical apparatus and reported experiments made with a voltaic battery of 600 plates of zinc and silver and of later experiments with a battery of 60 plates of zinc and lead.
 eager as he was to pursue this promising line, he was so loaded down with the management of the pharmacy and lectures in the medical and pharmaceutical faculties at the university that he could devote only Sunday afternoons to" galvanizing".
 it was with the assistance of one of the members of this expedition, Lauritz Esmarch, that Oersted succeeded in producing light by creating an electric discharge in mercury vapor through which an electric current was made to flow.
 #DISCOVERY OF ELECTROMAGNETISM# THE ASSOCIATION between electric ( both electrostatic and voltaic ) forces and magnetic forces had been recognized by investigators for many decades.
 electrical literature contained numerous references to lightning that had magnetized iron and had altered the polarity of compass needles.
 in the late 1700's Beccaria and van Marum, among others, had magnetized iron by sending an electrostatic charge through it.
 this indicates that this drug is being marketed under one trade name only or state regulatory organizations have approved its use on the feed tag.
 aids in minimizing the occurrence of feed-lot bloat due to high consumption of concentrates.
 #DRUG' S CHEMICAL NAME:# Hydroxazine hydrochloride _WHAT IT DOES:_ Improves growth rate and feed efficiency of fattening beef animals.
 #DRUG' S CHEMICAL NAME:# Bacterial and fungal enzymes.
 ( these enzyme preparations appear on today's feed tags as fermentation extracts of Bacillus subtilis, Apergillus orzae, Niger, and Flavus.
 ) _WHAT IT DOES:_ Improves utilization of low-moisture corn ( less than 14% ).
 several firms are merchandising enzyme preparation through feed manufacturers.
 #DRUG' S CHEMICAL NAME:# Phenothiazine _WHAT IT DOES:_ Reduces losses from stomach, hookworm, and nodular worms by interfering with reproduction of the female worm by reducing the number of eggs laid and essentially rendering all laid eggs sterile.
 then, for the above parasites, feed continuously at these levels: feeder cattle- 2-5 grams of phenothiazine daily;
 for continuous control, feed 1 part phenothiazine to 9 parts minerals or salts.
 to include in feed, add phenothiazine to supply 0.5 to 1 gram per sheep daily.
 #DRUG' S CHEMICAL NAME:# Promazine hydrochloride _WHAT IT DOES:_ A tranquilizer fed to cattle ( other than lactating dairy cows ) prior to their being subjected to stress conditions such as vaccinating, shipping, weaning calves, and excessive handling.
 ( 2 ) Mechanized bunks- they sit within the feed lot, are filled by a mechanical conveyor above feeding surface;
 proper follow-through requires training your own sales organization, and your distributor organizations, not only in the techniques but also in good customer relations.
 have you considered the implications of continuing geographic shifts in terms of sales force allocation, strength of distributor organizations, and even plant location?
 as mass dealer and distributor organizations grow in size, there is every reason to expect them to try to share in the manufacturer's as well as the distributor's profits- which is, in effect, what the sale of private brands tends to do.
 do you have a program for scrutinizing all these links regularly and carefully- and with some imagination?
 _@ INCREASING TEMPO OF NEW PRODUCT DEVELOPMENT._ Practically all forecasts mention new and exciting products on the horizon.
 are there individuals in your organization who can shepherd a new product through to commercialization;
 are planning and strategy development emphasized sufficiently in your company?
 ordinary politeness may have militated against this opinion being stated so badly but anyone with a wide acquaintance in both groups and who has sat through the many round tables, workshops or panel discussions- whatever they are called- on this subject will recognize that the final, boiled down crux of the matter is education.
 and further he must understand his obligation to the client to not only meet his physical necessities but also to enhance and improve his life and to enlarge the cultural horizon of our society.
 fortunately, although only a few years ago they held the student at arms length, today the business houses welcome the opportunity to aid the student, not only from an increased sense of community responsibility but also from the realization that the student of today is the interior designer of tomorrow- that the student already is" in the trade".
 the professional organizations such as American Institute of Interior Designers, National Society of Interior Designers, Home Fashions League and various trade associations, can and do aid greatly in this work.
 certainly every educator involved in interior design should be a member and active in thework of one of these organizations.
 not only should every educator above the rank of instructor be expected to be a member of one of the professional organizations, but his first qualification for membership as an educator should be so sharply scrutinized that membership would be equivalent to certification to teach the subject.
 the largest of these organizations at present denies to the full time educator any vote on the conduct and standards of the group and, indeed, refuses him even the right to attach the customary initials after his name in the college catalog.
 the professor in turn dares not tolerate the influence in his classes of an organization in the policies and standards of which he has no voice.
 this seems somewhat shortsighted since if the absolute educational qualifications for membership which the organizations profess are ever enforced, the educator will have the molding of the entire profession in his hands.
 it is discouraging for students to realize that the societies do not truly uphold the standards for which they are supposed to stand.
 considerable specialization in teaching subjects such as architecture, furniture design, textiles and color is also desirable.
 one technical question of school organization comes to mind here.
 only the independent art schools, that is, those not connected with any university or college, receive severe and separate investigation before accreditation by the various regional organizations.
 have you publicized the cents-per-hour value of the company's share of insurance premiums?
 are you watching work schedules for boiler operators, guards, and other 24-hour-day, 7-day-week operations in order to minimize overtime?
 are you careful to restrict the number of people on leave at one time so that your total employment obligation is minimized?
 are you utilizing cafeteria space for company meetings or discussions?
 are you utilizing vending machine proceeds to help pay for your program?
 can vacations be spaced throughout the 12 months to minimize the number of employee fill-ins?
 hallmark Cards, Inc&, Kansas City, Mo&, has a do-it-yourself quiz game called" Benefit Bafflers", which it distributes to employees.
 u& S& Rubber Company, New York, passes out a form itemizing the value of benefits.
 otherwise, you may be saddled with a good-size milk bill by milk drinkers.
 #EATING FACILITIES# Consider using vending machines rather than subsidized cafeterias.
 the American firearms and ammunition manufacturers through diligent research and technical development have replaced the muzzle loader and slow-firing single-shot arms with modern fast firing auto-loaders, extremely accurate bolt, lever, and slide action firearms.
 the shooting development program of the Sporting Arms and Ammunition Manufacturers' Institute has successfully published these facts in all major outdoor magazines, many national weeklies and the trade papers.
 the Outdoor Education Project took cognizance of the fact, so often overlooked, that athletic activities stressed in most school programs have little or no relationship to the physical and mental needs and interests of later life.
 other THC activities followed, conducted by shopping centers, department stores, recreation equipment dealers, radio- TV stations, newspapers, and other organizations interested in the need existing to acquaint youngsters with the proper use of sporting firearms and the development of correct attitudes and appreciations related to hunting and wise use of our natural resources.
 < is your sporting firearms and ammunition department primed for the expanding horizons?
 > would you like to organize Teen Hunters Clubs, shooting programs, and have information on seasons including six months of hunting with unlimited game bags on shooting preserves?
 #WHY THEY KEEP COMING# There are a half dozen reasons helping to account for the migration to the campgrounds.
 but it would also be a mistake for them not to realize how comfortable camping has become.
 { but the realization has been growing that these are not the complete answer.
 as several recent books have over-emphasized, { we have become the most status-conscious nation in the world.
 as examples at GE: Glen B& Warren, formerly manager of the Turbine Division, widely recognized as a turbine designer.
 many companies have systems, particularly in R + D, which work more or less well, depending upon size and actual belief in the policy on the part of administration, as will be abundantly apparent in subsequent quotations.
 { in this organization, about half of the engineers with 15 or more years of employment are in supervision, engineering or elsewhere.
" we do not have people in our organization termed ' consultants ' or ' fellows ', who are specialists in one particular technical subject.
 one way to formalize this is in the job structure.
 we have these positions, which compare directly: **f" Above these jobs we have chief engineer for the company and vice-president of Engrg, R + D. the latter jobs include major management responsibilities and have been filled by those who have come up primarily through the engineering-management side **h { We have not yet succeeded in establishing recognition of technical specialization comparable to our higher levels of management, but I believe we will trend in this direction } **h but not to exceed vice-president".
 } if no specific organization plan exists limiting the number of scientists at each salary level, the result is a department top-heavy with high-level, high-salaried personnel".
 and an administrative organization to take the routine load away from department managers and project engineers as much as possible, thus allowing them more time for strictly technical work.
 we have two media for publicizing individual technical activity, a magazine widely distributed both within and without the company, and an information bulletin for engineering personnel distributed to the homes of all engineers.
 additional symbols of status are granted, such as reserved parking, distinctive badge passes authorizing special privileges, and a difference in the treatment of financial progress through merit.
 operations of this nature offer the best opportunity to recognize scientific status.
 contrary to usual organization-position evaluations, the position to which research-staff members report administratively will not necessarily encompass the duties of the research-staff member, therefore, are not necessarily evaluated as highly.
 its editors only knew of one example to point to, a public housing development of 278 homes in New Haven described by John Schulz in the March, 1950 issue.
 they are laid a minimum of 24' ' deep and in some areas four feet down, particularly under roads, to stay clear of all other piping such as water and sewers and to minimize shocks from heavy trucking.
 do n't save the anti-freeze, even if it the expensive" permanent" type.
 @ Now, check for leaks in your hoses and hose connections, around the freeze-out plugs, gaskets, water pump seals and heater fittings.
 take precautions now, to be sure you avoid those unpleasant and costly heat breakdowns when the temperature zooms this summer.
 _5._ Advances in equipment and fabrication techniques give the sign or display manufacturer an extremely wide choice of production techniques, ranging from injection molding for intricate, smaller-size, mass-production signs ( generally 5000 units is the minimum ) to vacuum and pressure forming for larger signs of limited runs.
 its high impact strength, even at low temperatures, resists chipping, cracking, and crazing, according to Du Pont.
 for specialized types of displays, such as large three-dimensional units reproducing a product, package, human or animal figures, etc&, reinforced plastics and rotationally molded vinyl plastisols are other materials frequently used.
 #CHANGEABLE LETTERS FILL MANY NEEDS# Perhaps the best way to indicate the versatility of design that characterizes the use of plastics in signs and displays would be to look at what is happening in only one of the areas in this complex field- changeable signs.
 the huge market for changeable signs has spurred a universal demand for individual plastic letters, in all shapes and sizes- and a number of companies are set up to supply them.
 letters molded of butyrate, available in several sizes in either red or black.
 stainless steel screws were used to minimize corrosion stains.
 still another approach to the changeable letter type of sign is a modular unit introduced by Merritt Products, Azusa, Calif&.
 on large-area units, where additional structural requirements are imposed, one recent approach utilizes modular extruded or formed channels ( < e&g& > right-angled corrugations ) of the acrylic or butyrate.
 and trailer makers, those most industrialized and therefore most efficient of homebuilders, say they save hundreds of dollars by always building from the inside out.
 but now many of these same builders are finding they can cut their costs more by teaming up with a dealer who has volume enough to afford the most efficient specialized equipment to deliver everything just where it is needed- drywall inside the house, siding along the sides, trusses on the walls, roofing on the roof, etc&.
" it made our whole industry recognize the need for a new kind of teamwork between manufacturer, carrier, equipment maker, dealer, and builder, all working together to cut the cost of materials handling.
 _HERE IS WHERE THINGS STAND TODAY:_ _1._ Almost all of the 3,000 lumber dealers who cater primarily to the new-house market and supply 90% of this year's new houses are mechanized.
 _2._ Practically all bulky housing products can now be ordered in standard units palletized or unitized for mechanical handling- including lumber, asphalt shingles, glass block, face brick, plaster, lime, hardboard, gypsum wallboard and sheathing, cement, insulation sheathing, floor tile, acoustical tile, plaster base, and asbestos shingles.
 _3._ Truck and materials-handling equipment makers now offer specialized units to meet almost every homebuilding need.
 _4._ More than 50% of all lumber is unitized;
 an NLRDA survey found that at least 492 lumber mills will strap their shipments for mechanized handling.
 of these, 376 said they make no extra charge for strapping in standard units, because they save enough on mechanized carloading to offset their strapping cost.
" with a 15,500- lb fork-lift, dealers can unload unitized lumber from wide-door box cars for 30@ mbf compared with $1.65 or more to unload loose lumber one piece at a time", says James Wright of NLRDA.
 _5._ Lumber dealers and lumber manufacturers have agreed on a standard unit for unitized shipments- 48' ' wide by a nominal 30' ' high ( or six McCracken packets 24' ' wide by nominal 7' ' high ).
 _7._ More unitized lumber is being shipped on flat cars, and NLRDA studies show that flat cars loaded with the new Type 6- B floating-load method can be unloaded for at little at 5.4@ mbf.
 says Wright:" our survey shows that one third of the retail dealers plan to increase the mechanization of their materials handling in the coming two years.
 however, after you 've seen all the historical piazzas and plazas, the places and forums, the churches and museums, the palaces and castles, and begin to feel at home in the capitals of Europe, you 'll want to change your course and follow the by-roads at will, far from the market places.
 you can call one of the car rental services directly ( Hertz, Avis, Auto-Europe Nationalcar Rental, and others ) and ask them to reserve a car of your choice, and some transportation lines offer this service as well.
 a little investigation by telephone or reading the travel ads in the newspapers and magazines will give you these pertinent details on the additional money-saving benefits.
 if you would like to start your tour in Italy, where the rental fees are actually the lowest in Europe, Fiats in all sizes are available, as are Alfa Romeo Giulietta models.
 you will be entitled to all the advantages of a new car owner, which includes the factory guarantee and the services valid at authorized dealers throughout Europe.
 then, too, European drivers have reputations for being somewhat crazy on the road and some Americans are not particularly keen on getting mixed up with them.
 since most European cars average more miles per gallon of gasoline than American cars, it naturally follows that the cost per kilometer for these models will be less, but the greater seating capacity of the large American cars will equalize this, provided your group is sufficiently large to fill a 7-passenger limousine.
 aside from her specifically regional accent, she reveals by the use of the triad," irritable, tense, depressed", a certain pedantic itemization that indicates she has some familiarity with literary or scientific language ( i&e&, she must have had at least a high-school education ), and she is telling a story she has mentally rehearsed some time before.
 yet, in spite of this, intensive study of the taped interviews by teams of psychotherapists and linguists laid bare the surprising fact that, in the first five minutes of an initial interview, the patient often reveals as many as a dozen times just what's wrong with him;
" use of such weapons has been outlawed by the general opinion of civilized mankind.
 even though it was known that the Luftwaffe in the north was now being directed by the young and energetic General Peltz, the commander who would conduct the" Little Blitz" on London in 1944, a major raid on Bari at this juncture of the war was not to be considered seriously.
 ## Above decks on the < John Harvey, > Lieutenant Richardson gazed at the lights still burning on the port wall and felt uneasy.
 THERE IS a pause in the merriment as your friends gaze at you, wondering why you are staring, open-mouthed in amazement.
 when a man recognizes a certain experience as the exact pattern of a previous dream, we have an instance of < deja vue >, except for the fact that he knows just why the experience seems familiar.
 one day Maeterlinck, coming with a friend upon an event which he recognized as the exact pattern of a previous dream, detailed the ensuing occurrences in advance so accurately that his companion was completely mystified.
 at that moment Kipling was overwhelmed with awed amazement, suddenly recalling that these identical details of scene, action and word had occurred to him in a dream six weeks earlier.
 Freud probably contributed more than anyone else to the understanding of dreams, enabling us to recognize their equivalents in our wakeful thoughts.
 in most cases we recognize certain words, persons, animals or objects.
 as in the theory of perception, established in psycho-physiology, the eye is recognized as an integral part of the brain.
 as retinal images are conceded to be an integral function of the brain it seems logical to suppose that the nerves, between the inner brain and the eyes, carry the direct drive for cooperation from the various brain centers- rather than to theorize on the transmission of an image which is already in required location.
 if the photographically realistic continuity of dreams, however bizarre their combinations, denies that it is purely a composition of the brain, it must be compounded from views of diverse realities, although some of them may never be encountered in what we are pleased to call the real life.
 dr& H& V& Hilprecht, Professor of Assyrian at the University of Pennsylvania, dreamed that a Babylonian priest, associated with the king Kurigalzu, ( 1300 B&C& ) escorted him to the treasure chamber of the temple of Bel, gave him six novel points of information about a certain broken relic, and corrected an error in its identification.
 the degree of circumstance, the ratio of memory to forgetfulness, determines whether a dream will be a recognized, fulfilled prevision, or the vaguely, effective source of the weird < deja vue > feeling.
 one week before the convention, Depew was seated on the porch of a country home on the Hudson, gazing at the opposite shore.
 mr& Clark found that orthodox procedures of deep plowing, use of chemical fertilizers and insecticides, plus the application of conservation principles of rotation and contouring, did not prevent sheet erosion in the potato fields and depreciation of the soil.
 all these materials and supplementary manure and other fertilizers from neighboring dairy and poultry farms made over 40 tons of finished compost a year.
 no chemical fertilizers and poisonous insecticides and fungicides are used".
 most come from the root cellar or from the freezer.
 rain of near cloudburst proportions had fallen for three full days and it was still raining on the morning of Friday, November 4, 1927, when officials of the Post Office Department's Railway Mail Service realized that their distribution system for Vermont had been almost totally destroyed overnight.
 Burlington aviator John J& Burns suggested the parade ground southwest of Fort Ethan Allen, and soon a dozen hastily-summoned National Guard pilots were bringing their wide-winged" Jenny" and DeHaviland two-seaters to rest on the frozen sod of the military base.
 anticipating delivery of medicines and yeast by plane, Granite City citizens formed an airfield committee and with the aid of quarrymen and the 172nd Infantry, Vermont National Guard, laid out runways on Wilson flat, high on Millstone Hill.
 since Fogg's was a one-man, one-plane flying service, this meant that he would have to do both trips, flying alone 600 miles a day, under sub-freezing temperature conditions.
 at the end of the calculated time he 'd nose the Waco down through the cloud bank and hope to break through where some feature of the winter landscape would be recognizable.
 day after day Fogg shuttled back and forth on his one-man air mail route, until the farmers in their snowy barnyards and the road repairmen came to recognize the stubby plane as their link with the rest of the country.
 compulsory retirement at sixty-five looms on our horizon.
 you 've thought about it before in a hazy sort of way.
 you realize you are getting in the old fogy class.
 now, looming on the horizon are such things as estimated totals, calculated risks and I&B&M& machines.
 you may amaze yourself and acquire a real knack for it.
 } some people love to crack tile and it 's amazing what beautiful designs they come up with as a result of their cracking good time.
 ## { As for me, I am holding in reserve two huge puzzles ( I love puzzles ) } to put together when time hangs heavy on my hands.
 the vision of a Lord Tennyson expressed in a poem 100 years ago took visible form over London in the air blitzes of 1941.
 in fact all of our civilized world is the resultant of man's projection of his imagination over the past 60 centuries or more.
 we recognize that young people through imaginative mind and body training can become athletes, acrobats, dancers, musicians and artists, developing many potentialities.
 we must realize with Prof& Charles Morris in his THE OPEN SELF that" Man is the being that can continually remake himself, the artisan that is himself the material for his own creation".
 is it not the obligation of us older citizens to lend our weight to being creative on the character side and to hasten our own maturing process?
 that nowadays all honeymooners are thoroughly familiar with the best sex-manuals and know enough from talk with friends and personal experimentation to take all the anxiety and hazards out of the situation.
 it is also important to realize that many girls are born without a hymen or at most only a tiny trace of one;
 is it necessary to add to the other tensions the hazard of making the loving husband the one who brought pain to his bride?
 by using instruments of gradually increasing size, the vagina is gently, and with minimum pain at each stage, taught to yield to an object of the appropriate shape.
 the necessity for keeping alert to his bride's hazards can act as an interference with the man's spontaneous desire.
 perhaps this is a clue to the amazing variety and power of reactions, attitudes, and emotions precipitated by the nude form.
 to win her favors, her husband first took an additional job, then desperately began to embezzle from his employer.
 the husband is usually a well-educated professional, preoccupied with his job- often an organization man whose motto for getting ahead is:" do n't rock the boat".
 naturally no woman can ever completely monopolize the sexual initiative.
 this carried over into the more urbanized late 19th and early 20th centuries, when the man ruled the roost in the best bull-roaring < Life With Father > manner.
 marriage manuals and women's magazine articles began to stress the importance of the female climax.
 it was when she was seized as a material witness that she got the designation she liked best.
 she picked her own Middle-Eastern friends from the flock of ardent Egyptians that buzzed around her.
 he had been in the apartment two days and was hazy about what had happened during that time.
 when he realized she was dead, he called two lawyers and then the police.
 police theorize that a combination of dope, drink and drugs killed her.
 we cater mostly to nice people in the $5-8,000 annual income bracket and we run a string of snazzy, neon-lit, chromium-plated suburban stores.
 then, by squeezing her foot three times, he came up- presto- with a different diagnosis with each squeeze.
 ( he explained that he could diagnose these ailments from squeezing her foot because all of the nervous system was connected to it.
 ) he knew just the thing for her- a treatment from his" cosmic light ozone generator" machine.
 yes, the ozone from his machine would cure practically everything, he assured her.
 mrs& Shaefer never got around to joining the thousand or so people who paid Lee some $30,000 for his ozone machines.
 with these gadgets- impressive to the gullible because of their flashing light bulbs, ticks, and buzzes- he then carries out a vicious medical con game, capitalizing on people's respect for the electrical and atomic wonders of our scientific age.
 she suffered a nervous breakdown and had to be institutionalized.
 for instance: in Chicago, some time ago, Mr& H&, age 27, a diabetic since he was six, stopped using insulin because he had bought a" magic spike"- a glass tube about the size of a pencil filled with barium chloride worth a small fraction of a cent- sold by the Vrilium Company of Chicago for $306 as a cure-all.
 mr& and Mrs& Stewart were puzzled and concerned.
 when Richard's parents told him they wanted to take him to an orthodontist- a dentist who specializes in realigning teeth and jaws- their young son was interested.
" the majority of children in the United States could benefit by some form of orthodontic treatment", says Dr& Allan G& Brodie, professor and head of the department of orthodontics at the University of Illinois and a nationally recognized authority in his field.
 one main type of malocclusion is characterized by a receding chin and protruding upper front teeth.
 plastics are easier to handle than the vulcanized rubber formerly used, and they save time and money.
 plaster of Paris, once utilized in making impressions of teeth, has been replaced by alginates ( gelatin-like material ) that work quickly and accurately and with least discomfort to a child.
 many a sitter ( in a personal sitting ) has been amazed to realize that the medium was describing very vividly his state of mind.
 it had been latent, unspecified, semi-conscious and only partly realized- until she described it to him!
 here again laboratory approaches are being evolved, for it is recognized how" elastic" these readings can be, how they can apply to many people, and are often stated in general terms all too easily applied to any individual's own case.
 that fewer women are named Miranda than Elizabeth;
 in another approach to the same procedure, the content of the readings is analyzed so as to see how the particular medium is likely to slant her statements.
 sometimes she displays amazing eidetic imagery and seems to see all details in perspective, as if the scene were actually there.
 one medium saw two sheets flapping on a line and found that the name Shietz was significant to the sitter.
 he may have to depend upon custom service for specialized operations, such as spraying or threshing, and for these, he may have to wait his turn.
 if an expensive and specialized piece of machinery is needed- such as a spray rig, a combine, or a binder- it is better to pay someone with a machine to do the work.
 few rural areas are protected by zoning.
 how much will it cost to do any necessary modernizing and redecorating?
 one who had been a boy in Auschwitz had to tell how children had been selected by height for the gas chambers.
 the gruesome humor of the Nazis was not forgotten- the gas chamber with a sign on it with the name of a Jewish foundation and bearing a copper Star of David- nor the gratuitous sadism of SS officers.
 **h Most of this testimony may have been legally admissible as bearing on the < corpus delicti > of the total Nazi crime but seemed subject to question when not tied to the part in it of the defendant's Department of Jewish Affairs.
 ##" IT IS NOT AN individual that is in the dock at this historical trial"- said Ben Gurion," and not the Nazi regime alone- but anti-Semitism throughout history".
 shout at Eichmann though he might, the Prosecutor could not establish that the defendant was falsifying the way he felt about Jews or that what he did feel fell into the generally recognized category of anti-Semitism.
 in regard to Eichmann, it was to be found in the Nazi outlook, which contained a principle separate from and far worse than anti-Semitism, a principle by which the poison of anti-Semitism itself was made more virulent.
 perhaps under the guidance of this Nazi principle one could, as Eichmann declared, feel personally friendly toward the Jews and still be their murderer.
 not through fear of disobeying orders, as Eichmann kept trying to explain, but through a peculiar giddiness that began in a half-acceptance of the vicious absurdities contained in the Nazi interpretation of history and grew with each of Hitler's victories into a permanent light-mindedness and sense of magical rightness that was able to respond to any proposal, and the more outrageous the better," Well, let 's try it".
 ## BUT IF THE Trial did not expose the special Nazi mania so deadly to Jews as well as to anyone upon whom it happened to light, neither did it warn very effectively against the ordinary anti-Semitism of which the Nazis made such effective use in Germany and wherever else they could find it.
 if anti-Semitism was on trial in Jerusalem, why was it not identified, and with enough emphasis to capture the notice of the world press, in its connection with the activities of Eichmann's Department of Jewish Affairs, as exemplified by the betrayal and murder of Jews by non-police and non-party anti-Semites in Germany, as well as in Poland, Czechoslovakia, Hungary?
 the infamous Wansee Conference called by Heydrich in January 1942, to organize the material and technical means to put to death the eleven million Jews spread throughout the nations of Europe, was attended by representatives of major organs of the German state, including the Reich Minister of the Interior, the State Secretary in charge of the Four Year Plan, the Reich Minister of Justice, the Under Secretary of Foreign Affairs.
 Heydrich, in opening the Conference, followed the reasoning and even the phraseology of the order issued earlier by Goering which authorized the Final Solution as" a complement to" previous" solutions" for eliminating the Jews from German living space through violence, economic strangulation, forced emigration, and evacuation.
 no doubt many of the citizens of the Third Reich had conceived their anti-Semitism as an" innocent" dislike of Jews, as do others like them today.
 ## NOR DID THE Trial devote much attention to exposing the usefulness of anti-Semitism to the Nazis, both in building their own power and in destroying that of rival organizations and states.
 do patriots everywhere know enough about how the persecution of the Jews in Germany and later in the occupied countries contributed to terrorizing the populations, splitting apart individuals and groups, arousing the meanest and most dishonest impulses, pulverizing trust and personal dignity, and finally forcing people to follow their masters into the abyss by making them partners in unspeakable crimes?
 the career of Eichmann made the Trial a potential showcase for anti-Semitic demoralization: fearful of being mistaken for a Jew, he seeks protection in his Nazi uniform;
" is this the type of citizen you desire"?
 but though this characterization in no way diminished Eichmann's guilt, the Prosecutor, more deeply involved in the tactics of a criminal case than a political one, would have none of it.
 finally, if the mission of the Trial was to convict anti-Semitism, how could it have failed to post before the world the contrasting fates of the countries in which the Final Solution was aided by native Jew-haters- i&e&, Germany, Poland, Hungary, Czechoslovakia- and those in which it met the obstacle of human solidarity- Denmark, Holland, Italy, Bulgaria, France?
 should not everyone have been awakened to it as an outstanding fact of our time that the nations poisoned by anti-Semitism proved less fortunate in regard to their own freedom than those whose citizens saved their Jewish compatriots from the transports?
 ## AS THE FIRST collective confrontation of the Nazi outrage, the Trial of Eichmann represents a recovery of the Jews from the shock of the death camps, a recovery that took fifteen years and which is still by no means complete ( though let no one believe that it could be hastened by silence ).
 these incidents, typical of many others, dramatize the distressing fact that no controversy during the last several decades has caused more tension, rancor and strife among religious groups in this country than the birth-control issue.
 the time has come for citizens of all faiths to unite in an effort to remove this divisive and nettlesome issue from the political and social life of our nation.
 the second step is to recognize the substantial agreement- frequently blurred by emotionalism and inaccurate newspaper reporting- already existing between Catholics and non-Catholics concerning the over-all objectives of family planning.
 it is always a temptation for a religious organization, especially a powerful or dominant one, to impose through the clenched fist of the law its creedal viewpoint upon others.
 with the return of our soldiers, it soon became apparent that the belief was not shared by the great majority of citizens.
" as to the necessity", the committee declared," for some form of effective control of the size of the family and the spacing of children, and consequently of control of conception, there can be no question **h.
 this development is reflected in the action taken in February, 1961, by the general board of the National Council of Churches, the largest Protestant organization in the US.
 first, they wanted to clarify a tantalizing, bizarre enigma.
 on the second voyage, he had turned back at the frozen island of Novaya Zemlya and meekly given the crew a certificate stating that he did so of his own free will- which was obviously not the case.
 the men were at first puzzled, then angered by the aimless tacking.
 when in 1816 an act of Congress forced the foreign firm out of the United States, its British-born employees, now become American citizens- Joseph Rolette, Joseph Renville and Alexis Bailly- continued in the fur business.
 **h She is well-educated and refined, all wildcat and fur, and Union from the muzzle to the crupper".
 sometimes soldiers wrote letters while bullets were whizzing about their heads.
 historians have come to recognize two cardinal facts concerning nationalism and international influence.
 1 ) Every age rewrites the events of its history in terms of what should have been, creating legends about itself that rationalize contemporary beliefs and excuse contemporary actions.
 nor is it an accident that baseball, growing into the national game in the last 75 years, has become a microcosm of American life, that learned societies such as the American Folklore Society and the American Historical Association were founded in the 1880s, or that courses in American literature, American civilization, American anything have swept our school and college curricula.
 after all, the average American as he lies and waits for the enemy in Korea or as she scans the newspaper in some vain hope of personal contact with the front is unconcerned that his or her plight is the result of a complex of personal, economic and governmental actions far beyond the normal citizen's comprehension and control.
 related to written literature, and often remaining temporarily frozen in written form, it loses its vitality when transcribed or removed from its oral existence.
 nor have we remembered that in the melting pot of America the hundreds of isolated and semi-isolated ethnic, regional and occupational groups did not fuse into a homogeneous national unit until long after education and industrialization had caused them to cast oral tradition aside as a means of carrying culturally significant material.
 publishers want books that will sell, recording studios want discs that will not seem strange to ears used to hillbilly and jazz music, grade and high schools want quaint, but moral, material.
 if one wishes to discuss a literary figure who uses folklore in his work, the first thing he must realize is that the literary figure is probably part of this ignorant American public.
 does the writer know the difference between an" ersatz" ballad or tall tale and a true product of the folk?
 O 'Banion was a complex and frightening man, whose bright blue eyes stared with a kind of frozen candour into others'.
" but when I arrived and recognised a number of notorious characters I had thrown into the detective bureau basement half a dozen times, I knew I had been framed, and withdrew almost at once".
 this dinner was the start of a new blatancy in the relationship between the gangs and the politicians, which, prior to 1924, says Pasley," had been maintained with more or less stealth", but which henceforth was marked by these ostentatious gatherings, denounced by a clergyman as" Belshazzar feasts", at which" politicians fraternized cheek by jowl with gangsters, openly, in the big downtown hotels".
 they were disturbed by his idiotic bravado- as, when his bodyguard, Yankee Schwartz, complained that he had been snubbed by Dave Miller, a prize-fight referee, chieftain of a Jewish gang and one of four brothers of tough reputation, who were Hirschey, a gambler-politician in loose beer-running league with Torrio and O 'Banion, Frank, a policeman, and Max, the youngest.
 these booze customers had until then been buying their supplies from the Sheldon, Saltis-McErlane, and Druggan-Lake gangs, and now they were competing for trade with the Torrio-Capone saloons;
 still more jealous bitterness was engendered by the O 'Banion gang's seizure from a West Side marshalling yard of a freight-car load of Canadian whisky worth $100,000 and by one of the biggest coups of the Prohibition era- the Sibley warehouse robbery, which became famous for the cool brazenness of the operation.
 at Hilo large numbers of people ran out to inspect the amazing spectacle of the denuded beach.
 within about an hour with the help of reports from seismic stations in Alaska, Arizona and California, the quake's epicenter was placed at 51 degrees North latitude and 158 degrees East longitude.
 the effects of earthquakes on civilization have been widely publicized, even overemphasized.
 we have also developed techniques for recognizing and locating underground nuclear tests through the waves in the ground which they generate.
 undoubtedly none of the residents realize the influence their town has had on American military history, or the deeds of valor that have been done in its name.
 today a battle cry may seem an anachronism, for in the modern Army, < esprit de corps > has been sacrificed to organizational charts and tables.
 it did n't take Captain Chandler long to realize that he had to carry a heavy load of tradition on his shoulders as commander of Troop H. but what made the load lighter was the realization that every officer, non-com and trooper was ready and willing to help him carry it, for the good of the troop and the regiment.
 for Marvin Goulding, like Giovanni Martini, the bugler boy who carried Custer's last message, or Margarito Lopez, the one-man Army on Leyte, was a Garryowen, through and through.
 its entire complement of non-commissioned officers on the platoon level had departed as cadre for another unit, and its vehicles were still those used in the drive across Luzon in World War 2,.
 and because Communists have the will and, as long as Soviet power remains intact, the capacity to prevent their realization.
 thus, typically, the first stage of a Communist takeover is to" neutralize" a country.
 in some countries the trend has gone further than others: Mexico, Panama, and Venezuela are displaying open sympathy for Castroism, and there is no country- save the Dominican Republic whose funeral services we recently arranged- where Castroism and anti-Americanism does not prevent the government from unqualifiedly espousing the American cause.
" and it 's all the more tragic because it 's so little deserved", said Mr& J& J& A& Frans, a Belgian official of the United Nations Educational, Scientific, and Cultural Organization.
 to many a Frenchman- they came 95 years ago, colonized, and stayed until Laos became independent in 1953- the land had been even more delightfully tranquil than Tahiti.
 crossing the 4,000-foot width of the Mekong at Champassak, on a raft with an outboard motor, we took off our dusty shirts and enjoyed a veritable ocean breeze.
 the preparations were elaborate: flowers, candles, incense sticks, rice wine, dozens of delicacies, and pieces of white cotton string.
 at the same time, there is a good deal of self-congratulation at attending a good college- they are even inclined to exaggerate its not inconsiderable virtues- and they express pleasure at the cozy in-group feeling that the college generates.
 @rooklyn College is unequivocally Jewish in tone, and efforts to detribalize the college by bringing in unimpeachably midwestern types on the faculty have been unavailing.
" Witt House happily announces the engagement of Fran Horowitz to Erwin Schwartz of Fife House".
 the burn oozed watery fluid for many days, and finally the healing was completed by bathing it with epsom salts.
 another cure for hydrophobia was to suck the wounds, then cauterize them with a hot knife or poker.
 while nowadays we recognize the fact that there are many causes for bleeding at the nose, not long ago a nosebleed was simply that, and treatment had little variation.
 winter itch was treated by applying strong apple cider in which pulverized bloodroot had been steeped.
 a white wine, already at cool cellar temperature, may be adequately chilled in a bucket of ice and water or the freezing compartment of a refrigerator ( the former is far preferable ) in about fifteen minutes;
 Gorham refused to accept money for slave property, but did he realize how much expense and trouble the transportation of his Negroes to the North involved?
 mrs& Child, who had once apologized for sending editor Palfrey a book on slavery, now confided that she had helped one of Henry Palfrey's slaves escape to Canada some years before, but asked him not to advertise the fact in Louisiana.
 nevertheless, Palfrey arranged a religious ceremony at King's Chapel to formalize the emancipation.
 as we embark upon the sixties we have an opportunity **h to build a third strong arm, aimed at the development of people, at the fuller realization of their creative human potential, and at better understanding among them".
 Ambassador-at-Large Averell Harriman has returned to the capital with a collection of paintings that include Renoir, Cezanne, Gauguin, Van Gogh, Toulouse-Lautrec, Degas, Matisse, Picasso, and Walt Kuhn.
 the Director of the Peace Corps, R& Sargent Shriver, Jr&, a Kennedy brother-in-law, collects heavily among the moderns, including Kenzo Okada and Josef Albers.
 Secretary of the Treasury Douglas Dillon owns a prize Monet, < Femmes dans un jardin >.
 another, Arthur M& Schlesinger, Jr&, has won a Pulitzer Prize in history;
 (" it is always of sorrow to me when I find people who **h neither know nor understand music", he declared not long ago in proposing that White House prizes be awarded for music and art.
 besides Schlesinger, the Justice Department's Information Director, Edwin Guthman, has won a Pulitzer Prize ( for national reporting ).
 during last year's campaign, Kennedy asked Walton, an utter novice in organization politics, to assist him.
 already the President and the First Lady have deputized him to advise on matters ranging from the furnishing of the White House to the renovation of Lafayette Square.
 Udall, who comes from one of the Mormon first-families of Arizona, is a bluff, plain-spoken man with a lust for politics and a habit of landing right in the middle of the fight.
 one tempest was stirred up last March when Udall announced that an eight-and-a-half-foot bronze statue of William Jennings Bryan, sculpted by the late Gutzon Borglum, would be sent" on indefinite loan" to Salem, Illinois, Bryan's birthplace.
 they dug up a speech he had made two years earlier as a Congressman, decrying the more than two hundred statues, monuments, and memorials which" dot the Washington landscape **h as patriotic societies and zealous friends are constantly hatching new plans".
 hoping to cut down on such works, Udall had proposed that a politician be at least fifty years departed before he is memorialized.
 later, browsing in an old issue of the < Gazette des Beaux-Arts, > she found a description of a handsome gilt pier-table purchased in 1817 by President James Monroe.
 her effort to put the home of living Presidents on the same basis as Mount Vernon and Monticello recognizes no party lines.
 while a Senator, Kennedy had unsuccessfully pushed a bill to preserve the Belasco Theater, as well as the Dolley Madison and the Benjamin Taylor houses, all scheduled for razing.
 he is by no means the country boy he might have been in the last century, down from the hills with bear grease on his hair and a zeal for book learning in his heart.
 thus, when Dartmouth's Winter Carnival- widely recognized as the greatest, wildest, roaringest college weekend anywhere, any time- was broadcast over a national television hookup, Prexy John Sloan Dickey appeared on the screen in rugged winter garb, topped off by a tam-o '-shanter which he confessed had been acquired from a Smith girl.
 and on the summit of Mount Washington, where thirty-five degrees below zero is commonplace and the wind velocity has registered higher than anywhere else in the world, there is a kind of wisdom to be found that other men often seek in the Himalayas" because it is there".
 Eleazar Wheelock, a Presbyterian minister, founded the school in 1769, naming it after the second earl of Dartmouth, its sponsor and benefactor.
 Eleazar, pausing on the Hanover plain, found its great forests and remoteness good and with his own hands built the first College Hall, a log hut dedicated" for the education + instruction of Youth of the Indian Tribes in this Land in reading, writing + all parts of learning which shall appear necessary and expedient for civilizing + christianizing Children of Pagans as well as in all liberal Arts and Sciences;
 only a dozen or so schools send as many as six students, and there are seldom more than fifteen men in any single delegation.
 all three schools coordinate their educational programs with that of the undergraduate college and, like the college proper, place emphasis upon a broad liberal arts course as the proper foundation for specialized study.
 however much football has been over-emphasized, the public likes to measure its collegiate favorites by the scoreboard, so, while Yale need never give its record a thought again since outscoring its opponents 694 to 0 in the season of 1888, Dartmouth had to wait until its championship team of 1925 for national recognition.
 she would have been taking more than a fair risk of being seen and recognized during her travels.
 if she avoided the train and hired a buggy, the stableman might have recognized her.
 Lizzie stated during the inquest that while her father and uncle were in the sitting room the afternoon before the murders, she had been disturbed by their voices and had closed her door, even though it was a very hot day.
 it is evident that Lizzie did not tell everything she overheard between her father and her Uncle Morse.
 he said Morse and Borden had quarreled violently in the house that day, information which must have come from Lizzie.
 it was obviously the sound of this argument that caused Lizzie to close her door.
 notice, Knowlton did not say that he would have obtained a conviction in the trial of Lizzie Borden.
 with Lizzie in the barn, the screen door unlocked and Bridget upstairs in her attic room, he would have had free and easy access to the house.
 both he and Bridget were exonerated by Lizzie herself".
 although Pearson disbelieved almost everything Lizzie said, and read a sinister purpose into almost everything she did, he happily accepted her statement about Bridget as the whole truth.
 the exoneration Pearson speaks of is not an exoneration, but Lizzie's expression of her opinion, as reported in the testimony of Assistant Marshal Fleet.
 this officer had asked Lizzie if she suspected her Uncle Morse, and she replied she did n't think he did it because he left the house before the murders and returned after them.
 fleet asked the same question about Bridget, and Lizzie pointed out that as far as she knew Bridget had gone up to her room before her father's murder and came down when she called her.
 Lizzie, actually, never named any suspect.
 the press reported the same facts in using Harrington's interview, but Lizzie did not suggest at the inquest that Harrington was the killer.
 when I interviewed Kirby, who as a boy picked up pears in the Borden yard, I asked if anybody else in the household besides Lizzie and Morse had been under any suspicion at the time of the murders.
 everyone somehow manages to overlook completely the fact that, as far as we know, there were exactly two people in and about the house at the time of both murders: Lizzie Borden and Bridget Sullivan.
 the legend as it exists in Fall River today always includes the solemn assurance that Bridget returned to Ireland after the trial with a" big bundle" of cash which Lizzie gave her for keeping her mouth shut.
 the people who believe and retell the legend have apparently never troubled to read the trial testimony and do not know that the maid changed her testimony on several key points, always to the detriment of Lizzie.
 if Bridget did get any bundles of cash, the last person who would have rewarded her for services rendered would have been Lizzie Borden.
 when her brother Winslow became a student at Brown University in 1874, she wrote him about a course in history he was taking under Professor Diman:" what is Prof& Diman's definition of civilization, and take the world through, is its progress ever onward, or does it retrograde at times?
 many years later ( on August 3, 1915 ), Lucy Upton wrote Winslow's daughter soon to be graduated from Smith College:" while I love botany which, after dabbling in for years, I studied according to the methods of that day exactly forty years ago in a summer school, it must be fascinating to take up zoology in the way you are doing.
 more chapters of Guizot;
 Winslow, as his daughters Eleanor and Margaret recall, used to characterize her as" our iron sister".
 and both believed that intellectual growth must go hand in hand with the development of sturdy character and Christian zeal.
 so strenuous it was physically, with its days of horseback riding over rough roads that it seems an amazing feat of endurance for both Miss Packard and Miss Upton.
 at the Fifteenth Anniversary ( 1896 ) as already quoted, Miss Upton projected with force and eloquence the Spelman of the Future as a college of first rank, with expanding and unlimited horizons.
 in those vocational programs organized with Smith-Hughes money, there may be a close tie between the labor union and a local employer on the one hand and the vocational teacher on the other.
 formally organized vocational programs supported by federal funds allow high school students to gain experience in a field of work which is likely to lead to a full-time job on graduation.
 I believe the situation is improving, but the success stories need to be heavily publicized.
 they realize the relevance of what they are learning to their future careers, and this sense of purpose is carried over to the academic courses which they are studying at the same time.
 it is not often realized to what degree certain trades are in many communities closed areas of employment, except for a lucky few.
 one has to talk confidentially with some of the directors of vocational high schools to realize that a boy cannot just say," I want to be a plumber", and then, by doing good work, find a job.
 people depend less on seeds for foods in Australia, New Zealand, and Argentina, where extensive grazing lands support sheep or cattle, and the consumption of meat is high.
 chief among the seed crops grown primarily for industrial uses are the oil-bearing seeds- flax, castor, tung ( nuts from the China wood-oil tree ), perilla ( from an Oriental mint ), and oiticica ( from a Brazilian tree ).
 sizable amounts of soybean, coconut, and palm kernel oil- seed oils that are produced primarily for food purposes- also are used to make soaps, detergents, and paint resins.
 water-soluble gums are used in foods and drugs and in the manufacture of pulp and paper as thickeners, stabilizers, or dispersing agents.
 guar gum thickens salad dressings and stabilizes ice cream.
 the kernels of brazil nuts, cashews, coconuts, filberts, hazelnuts, hickory nuts, pecans, walnuts, and pine nuts are predominantly oily.
 the world production of familiar seed nuts- almonds, brazil nuts, filberts, and the English walnuts- totals about 300 thousand tons annually.
 the so-called vegetable ivory is the hard endosperm of the egg-sized seed.
 sesame seed, which comes from the tall pods of a plant grown in Egypt, Brazil, and Central America, has a toasted-nut flavor and can be used in almost any dish calling for almonds.
 cattle would drift day and night in a blizzard till it was over.
 the wholesale death of cattle as a result of blizzards, and sometimes droughts, over a wide range of territory was called a" die-up".
 cattle were said to be" potted" when" blizzard choked", that is, caught in a corner or a draw, or against a" drift fence" durin' a storm.
 they were said to be" on their heads" when grazin'.
 any animal could when travelin' fast, be sent heels over head by the simple process of overtakin' the brute, seizin' its tail, and givin' the latter a pull to one side.
 such tactics were resorted to frequently with the unmanageable longhorns, and a thorough" tailin'" usually knocked the breath out of a steer, and so dazed 'im that he 'd behave for the rest of the day.
 seizin' the bull by the tail, he rushed his hoss forward and a little to one side, throwin' the bull off balance, and" bustin'" 'im with terrific force.
 near the southern border, cattle of the early longhorn breed whose coloration was black with a lineback, with white speckles frequently appearin' on the sides and belly, were called" zorrillas".
 countin' each grazin' bunch of cattle where it was found on the range and driftin' it back so that it did n't mix with the uncounted cattle was called a" range count".
 the counters rode through the pasture countin' each bunch of grazin' cattle, and drifted it back so that it did n't get mixed with the uncounted cattle ahead.
 this led to the famous sayin' in the Northwest of the" books will n't freeze".
 his saloon was a meetin' place for influential Wyoming cattlemen, and one year durin' a severe blizzard, when his herd-owner customers were wearin' long faces, he said," Cheer up boys, whatever happens, the books will n't freeze".
 he found them near the carcass of a zebra that had been killed the night before, and he circled once, nose to the ground, hair shooting up along his back, as it did when he was after lion or bear, and then he lifted his head and bayed, and the pack joined in, all heads high, and Jones knew it was a hot trail.
 but John nipped her rear end- one lion's rear end was as good as another to John, Africa, Arizona no matter- and she changed ends and took a swipe at John, but he ducked back.
 very slowly he maneuvered his rawboned bay gelding, edging closer, watching for a chance to throw, but ready to spin and run, rope whining about his head, horse edging tensely under him, but the gelding was obedient and responded and was not paralyzed by the close proximity of the lion.
 they tell you horses go crazy at the sight or smell of a bear or a lion, but these did n't.
 the missionary obligation to proclaim the gospel to all the world was once left to zealous individuals and voluntary societies.
 #THE ECUMENICAL CONGREGATION# The crux of ecumenical advance is an even more personalized matter than the relation between congregations in the same community.
 one is that whatever is ecumenical has to do with some over-all organization at" the top" and needs only to be understood at the so-called" lower levels".
 it is hardly possible to emphasize this too much.
 most people do not realize that the congregation, as a gathered fellowship meeting regularly face to face, personally sharing in a common experience and expressing that experience in daily relationships with one another, is unique.
 every pitch in the game brought forth a howl from the enraptured audience and every fly ball the visitors dropped ( and because their right fielder was still a little fuzzy from drink, they dropped many ) called forth yelps of derision.
 young men in school could look forward to playing ball for money in a dozen different places, even if they failed to make the major leagues.
 in his minor way Charles Arthur Shires was perhaps more typical of his era than Ruth was, for he was but one of many young men who laid waste their talents in these Scott Fitzgerald days for the sake of earning space in the newspapers.
 by 1926, when the mighty Yanks were at their mightiest, only a few of these were left but they still shone brightest, even beside able and agile rookies like Tony Lazzeri ( who managed never to have one of his epileptic fits on the field ), Mark Koenig, Lou Gehrig, George Pipgras, and gray-thatched Earl Combs.
 our discussion does not utilize all the identity crises postulated by Erikson, but is intended to demonstrate the utility of his theoretical schema for studying unwed mothers.
 we hope thereby to emphasize that, from a psychological standpoint, the effectual prevention of illegitimacy is a continuous long-term process involving the socialization of the female from infancy through adolescence.
 hypothesizing a series of developmental stages that begin in the individual's infancy and end in his old age, Erikson has indicated that the adolescent is faced with a series of identity crises.
 in the specific case of time diffusion, we must emphasize the significance of the earlier development of mistrust < when it is combined with > the inevitable time crisis experienced by most ( if not all ) adolescents in our society, and with the failure of the adolescent period to provide opportunities for developing trust.
 and it is better to be shamed and criticized by one's parents, who already consider one different and difficult to understand, than by one's peers, who are also experiencing a similar groping for and denial of adult status.
 < the adolescent also faces the identity crisis that Erikson has termed ideological polarization vs& diffusion of ideals >.
 adolescents have a much-discussed tendency to polarize ideas and values, to perceive things as" either-or", black or white- nuances of meaning are relatively unimportant.
 Erikson has postulated that such ideological polarization temporarily resolves their search for something stable and definite in the rapidly changing and fluctuating no-man 's-land between childhood and adulthood.
 they criticized parents for never having emphasized traditional concepts of right and wrong;
 Parker insisted that the size of the record would have been drastically reduced but for an unavoidable duplication of testimony.
 nevertheless, it is from the Selden organization that the industry inherited its institutional machinery for furthering the broader interests of the trade.
 the interchange of shop licenses for a nominal royalty eliminated infringement suits among the members of the A&L&A&M& patent pool ( although it did not protect them against outside actions ) and kept open channels for the cross-fertilization of automotive technology.
 continue another hundred yards to the { Piazza of the Knights of Malta.
 } you will walk some of the narrow, old streets, hemmed in by massive < palazzi >.
 by seeing such varied places, both interesting and beautiful, you will become aware of the many different civilizations Rome has lived through, and in particular, get a feel of Renaissance Rome.
 you will realize why Rome is indeed the Eternal City.
 turn to the right along a narrow street to the tiny Piazza Campitelli, then proceed along the Via dei Funari to the Piazza Mattei.
 opposite is the { Palazzo Mattei, } one of Rome's oldest palaces, now the headquarters of the { Italo-American Association.
 in the first courtyard there are some fine bas-reliefs and friezes, and in the second a series of delightful terraced roof gardens above an ivy-covered wall.
 the { Palazzo Caetani, } still inhabited by the Caetani family, adjoins the Palazzo Mattei.
 keep straight ahead on the Via Falegnami, cross the wide Via Arenula, and you will come to the { Piazza B& Cairoli, } where you should look in at the { Church of San Carlo ai Catinari } to see the frescoes on the ceiling.
 now turn left at the Via dell' Arco del Monte to the Piazza dei Pellegrini.
 just a few yards to the right on the Via Capo di Ferro will bring you to the { Palazzo Spada, } built in 1540 and now occupied by the { Council of State.
 before you enter the palazzo, note Francesco Borromini's facade.
 the gardens of the < palazzo, > shaded by a huge magnolia tree, are most attractive.
 from the Palazzo Spada you continue another block along the Via Capo di Ferro and Vicolo de Venti to the imposing { Palazzo Farnese, } begun in 1514 and considered by many to be the finest palace of all.
 at this point you cross the wide Corso Vittorio Emanuele 2,, walk along the Corso del Rinascimento a couple of hundred yards, then turn left on the Via dei Canestrani to enter the splendid { Piazza Navona, } one of the truly glorious sights in Rome.
 the site of the oblong piazza is { Domitian's ancient stadium, } which was probably used for horse and chariot races.
 from the seventeenth to the nineteenth century it was a popular practice to flood the piazza in the summer, and the aristocrats would then ride around the inundated square in their carriages.
 Giovanni Bernini's {" Fountain of the Rivers", } in the center of the piazza, is built around a Roman obelisk from the Circus of Maxentius which rests on grottoes and rocks, with four huge figures, one at each corner, denoting four great rivers from different continents- the Danube, the Ganges, the Nile, and the Plate.
 the eyes of the figure of the Nile are covered, perhaps either to symbolize the mystery of her source or to obscure from her sight the baroque facade of the { Church of Sant' Agnese in Agone }, the work of Bernini's rival, Borromini.
 in the Piazza Navona there are many delightful cafes where you can sit, have a drink or lunch, and watch the fountains in the square.
 now return to the Piazza Navona and leave it on the opposite side by the Corsia Agonale;
 in front of you is the { Palazzo Madama, } once belonging to the Medici and now the { Italian Senate.
 } walk by the side of the palazzo and after two blocks along the Via Giustiniani you will come to the { Piazza della Rotonda.
 as you pause in the piazza by the Egyptian obelisk brought from the Temple of Isis, you will admire the Pantheon's impressive Corinthian columns.
 } standing before the tomb of Raphael, the great genius of the Renaissance, when shafts of sunlight are penetrating this great Roman temple, you are once again reminded of the varied civilizations so characteristic of Rome.
 as you leave the Pantheon, take the narrow street to the right, the Via del Seminario, a block to { Sant' Ignazio, } one of the most splendid baroque churches in the city.
 ( along the way there, about one hundred yards on your right, you pass a simple restaurant, { La Sacrestia, } where you can have the best pizza in Rome.
 } a few yards farther, on the Via dei Bergamaschi, is the { Piazza Colonna.
 if you have taken this stroll in the morning, and you have the time and inclination, walk to the right along the crowded Corso for half a dozen blocks to visit the fine private collection of paintings- mainly of the sixteenth and seventeenth centuries- in the { Palazzo Doria } ( open Sunday, Tuesday, and Thursday, 10:00-1:00 ).
 here is your opportunity to see the inside of a palazzo where the family still lives.
 rare, indeed, is the Harlem citizen, from the most circumspect church member to the most shiftless adolescent, who does not have a long tale to tell of police incompetence, injustice, or brutality.
 a kind of panic paralyzes their features, as though they found themselves trapped on the edge of a steep place.
 I find this view amazing.
 an early film by a competitor of the Wizard of Menlo Park simply showed a long kiss performed by two actors of the contemporary stage.
 this discovery of Melies was vastly more important than his sometimes dazzling, magician's tricks produced on film.
 in about seven years Griffith either invented or first realized the possibilities of virtually every resource at the disposal of the film maker.
 it can also mean the assimilation of centers of power from an environment in order to strengthen an organization.
 if we add to these contacts with friendly members the" contacts with an organization of the church" ( 11.2 per cent of the cases ), then a substantial two thirds of all recruitment is through friendly contact.
 the proclamation of the churches is almost totally confined to pastoral contacts by the clergy ( 17.3 per cent of new members ) and friendly contacts by members ( over two thirds if organizational activities are included ).
 the inner life of congregations will prosper so long as like-minded people of similar social and economic level can fraternize together;
 the expense of this type of organization in religious life, when one recalls the number of city churches which deteriorated beyond repair before being abandoned, raises fundamental questions about the principle of Protestant survival in a mobile society;
 the motifs of impersonal interdependence and insulation of residential communities have polarized;
 the schism between central city and suburb, Negro and White, blue collar and white collar can be viewed as symptomatic of this deeper polarization of trends in the metropolis.
 it now becomes evident that the denominational church is intimately involved with the economy of middle-class culture, for it serves to crystallize the social class identity of middle-class residential groupings.
 this conformity represents a desperate attempt to stabilize a hopelessly unstable environment.
 more than creatures of metropolitan forces, the churches have taken the lead in counteracting the interdependence of metropolitan life, crystallizing and perpetuating the stratification of peoples, giving form to the struggle for social homogeneity in a world of heterogeneous peoples.
 soon they will fight their way into the lower middle-class suburbs, and the churches will experience the same decay and rebuilding cycle which has characterized their history for a century.
 the identification of the basic unit of religious organization- the parish or congregation- with a residential area is self-defeating in a modern metropolis, for it simply means the closing of an iron trap on the outreach of the Christian fellowship and the transmutation of mission to co-optation.
 what goes on in the cage will occupy our attention under the rubric of the organization church.
 Bienville realized that if the French were to hold the southeastern tribes against the enticements of British goods, French traders must be able to offer a supply as abundant as the Carolinians and at reasonable prices.
 with the loss of the Mobile trade, which ended all profits from Louisiana, the Natchez Indians revolted.
 no such political restraint subdues his blood when he gazes upon the State Department in anger.
 with its power to investigate, the Senate can paralyze the Secretary by keeping him in a state of perpetual testimony before committees, as it did with Dean Acheson.
 fretting privately but eschewing public defense of his terrorized bureaucrats, Dulles remained serene and detached while the hatchet men had their way.
 to everyone's astonishment he seemed no more like the run-of-the-mine Russian ambassador than George Babbitt was like Fyodor Pavlovitch Karamazov.
 when King Saud visited Washington, the overwhelming question consuming the press was the size of his family.
 the size of Saud's family was still being debated when the King appeared for his first meeting with Eisenhower.
 the government has recognized the dilemma and is beginning to devise some moral education for the schools- but the teachers often have no firm conviction and are confused.
 here I was accompanied by Mrs& Okamoto ( Fumio's mother ), her son, Mr& Washizu ( a prospective student with whom I have been corresponding for more than a year ), and Mr& Nishima, one of the science teachers.
 we started at 9 a&m& to visit the Kyoto University where Mr& Washizu is attending.
 I was amazed at the very poor hospital facilities accompanying the medical school.
 they apologized for the condition, including dirt and flies, and I was a little at a loss to know what to say.
 we had tea at Mr& Washizu's home where I learned that he, too, comes from a very wealthy family.
 #UNIVERSITY OF TOKYO# After a fine luncheon in the cafeteria, the kitchen of which Masu had planned, Mr& Washizu and I left to meet representatives of the USIS for a visit to the University of Tokyo.
 moreover, prudence alone would indicate that, unless the local customs are already ready to fall when pushed, the results of direct economic action everywhere upon national chain stores will likely be simply to give undue advantage to local and state stores which conform to these customs, leading to greater decentralization and local autonomy within the company, or even ( as the final self-defeat of an unjust application of economic pressure to correct injustice ) to its going out of business in certain sections of the country ( as, for that matter, the Quakers, who once had many meetings in the pre-Civil War South, largely went out of business in that part of the country over the slavery issue, never to recover a large number of southern adherents ).
 in any case, anyone who fails to make significant distinction between primary and secondary applications of economic pressure would in principle already have justified that use of economic boycott as a means which broke out a few years ago or was skillfully organized by White Citizens' Councils in the entire state of Mississippi against every local Philco dealer in that state, in protest against a Philco-sponsored program over a national TV network on which was presented a drama showing, it seemed, a" high yellow gal" smooching with a white man.
 the need that we not give unqualified approval to any but a limited use of economic pressure directed against the actual doers of injustice is clear also in light of the fact that White Citizens' Councils seem resolved to maintain segregation mainly by the use of these same means and not ordinarily by physical violence.
 and again, that" the object of non-violent resistance is partly analogous to this object of war- namely, to demoralize the opponent, to break his will, to destroy his confidence, enthusiasm, and hope.
 in another respect it is dissimilar, for non-violent resistance demoralizes the opponent only to re-establish in him a new morale that is firmer because it is based on sounder values".
 the question, then, is whether sufficient discrimination in the use of even non-violent means of coercion is to be found in the fact that such conduct demoralizes and overcomes the opponent while re-moralizing and re-establishing him.
 this is puzzling to an outsider conscious of the classic tradition of liberalism, because it is clear that these Democrats who are left-of-center are at opposite poles from the liberal Jefferson, who held that the best government was the least government.
 why, in the first place, call himself a liberal if he is against < laissez-faire > and favors an authoritarian central government with womb-to-tomb controls over everybody?
 but apart from racial problems, the old unreconstructed South- to use the moderate words favored by Mr& Thomas Griffith- finds itself unsympathetic to most of what is different about the civilization of the North.
 for one thing, this is not a subject often discussed or analyzed.
 or else the North really believes that all Southerners except a few quaint old characters have come around to realizing the errors of their past, and are now at heart sharers of the American Dream, like everybody else.
 they believe that if the South had been let alone it would have produced a civilization superior to that of modern America.
 the South's antipathy to Northern civilization includes such charges as poor manners, harsh accents, lack of appreciation of the arts of living like gastronomy and the use of leisure.
 this was particularly true in the world arena, which was an anarchical battleground characterized by strife and avaricious competition for colonial empires.
 labor relations have been transformed, income security has become a standardized feature of political platforms, and all the many facets of the American version of the welfare state have become part of the conventional wisdom.
 recognizing that the Rule of Law is" a dynamic concept **h which should be employed not only to safeguard the civil and political rights of the individual in a free society", the Congress asserted that it also included the responsibility" to establish social, economic, educational and cultural conditions under which his legitimate aspirations and dignity may be realized".
 for better or for worse, we all now live in welfare states, the organizing principle of which is collective responsibility for individual well-being.
 ) the concept of nationalism is the political principle that epitomizes and glorifies the territorial state as the characteristic type of socal structure.
 historically, however, the concept is one that has been of marked benefit to the people of the Western civilizational group.
 the experts are thus forced to hypothesize sequences of events that have never occurred, probably never will- but possibly might.
 meanwhile, the experts speak of wars triggered by" false pre-emption"," escalation"," unauthorized behavior" and other terms that will be discussed in this report.
 only the President is permitted to authorize the use of nuclear weapons.
 at least a dozen men, some armed, are never far away from him.
 in the 360 degrees of horizon it obscured only a degree, no more.
 he tells of three men who started out on a trip across a single paddock, a ten-by-ten-mile square owned by a sheep grazer.
 others are confined to vast reservations, and not only does the Australian government justifiably not wish them to be viewed as exhibits in a zoo, but on their reservations they are extremely fugitive, shunning camps, coming together only for < corroborees > at which their strange culture comes to its highest pitch- which is very low indeed.
 it took me a moment to realize what was odd about that panel: there was a gimbaled compass welded to it, which rocked gently back and forth as the Land Rover bounced about.
 I would try to memorize landmarks and saw in a half-hour that it was hopeless.
 he gazed away from us as we approached.
 there was something about his face that disturbed me and it took several seconds to realize what.
 the smell is sexual, but so powerfully so that a civilized nose must deny it.
 in spots such as the elbows and knees the second skin is worn off and I realized the aborigines were much darker than they appeared;
 Idje still stared over our shoulders at the horizon.
 in the early eighteenth century this fantastic city, then the size of London, started to decline.
 and of course religious life continues to center in the more famous mosques, and commercial life- very much a social institution- in the bazaar.
 those three other great activities of the Persians, the bath, the teahouse, and the < zur khaneh > ( the latter a kind of club in which a leader and a group of men in an octagonal pit move through a rite of calisthenics, dance, chanted poetry, and music ), do not take place in buildings to which entrance tickets are sold, but some of them occupy splendid examples of Persian domestic architecture: long, domed, chalk-white rooms with daises of turquoise tile, their end walls cut through to the orchards and the sky by open arches.
 the line of an eyebrow, the color of the skin, a ghazal from Hafiz, the purity of spring water, the long afternoon among the boughs which crowd the upper story of a pavilion- these things are noticed, judged, and valued.
 all kinds come to walk in the promenade: merchants from the bazaar bickering over a deal;
 above, in the tiled prosceniums of the alcoves, boys sing the ghazals of Hafiz and Saadi, while at the very bottom, in the vaults, the toughs and blades of the city hoot and bang their drums, drink arak, play dice, and dance.
 many of them, moreover, are beginning to complain about the scarcity of Western amusements and to ridicule the old life of the bazaar merchant, the mullah, and the peasant.
 the music director of the Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra, William Steinberg, has molded his group into a prominent musical organization, which is his life.
 unfortunately, it was Muzak, which automatically is piped into the public rooms, and which < nolens volens > had to be endured.
 because, like many other children, he intensely disliked practicing Czerny < Etudes, > he composed his own studies.
 the Frankfurt years were particularly noteworthy for his performance of Berg's < Wozzek > soon after the Berlin premiere under Erich Kleiber, and the world premiere of Scho^nberg's < Von heute auf morgen >.
 as more and more Jewish musicians lost their jobs with professional organizations Steinberg united them into the Frankfurt < Kulturbund > Orchestra, which also gave guest performances in other German cities.
 in 1938, at the insistence of Arturo Toscanini, Steinberg left Germany for the United States, by way of Switzerland.
 in recent years he has traveled widely in Europe, conducting in Italy, France, Austria, and Switzerland.
 he had just paid a brief visit to the Frick Collection to admire his favorite paintings by Rembrandt and Franz Hals.
 again Steinberg was cautious and replied with a smile that he was not exposed to it enough to hazard comments.
 that test, as President Kennedy forthrightly depicted it in his State of the Union message, will determine" whether a nation organized and governed such as ours can endure".
 eldest of the seven, Benjamin Franklin, a New Englander transplanted to Philadelphia, wrote the most dazzling success story in our history.
 the young printer's apprentice achieved greatness in a half-dozen different fields, as editor and publisher, scientist, inventor, philanthropist and statesman.
 ## LESS dazzling than Hamilton, less eloquent than Jefferson, John Jay commands an equally high rank among the Founding Fathers.
 ardent, opinionated, even obstinate, they were amazingly articulate, wrote their own copy, and were masters of phrasemaking.
 all seven recognized that independence was but the first step toward building a nation.
 this new force, love of country, super-imposed upon- if not displacing- affectionate ties to one's own state, was epitomized by Washington.
 historians have traditionally regarded the great debates of the Seventeen Nineties as polarizing the issues of centralized vs& limited government, with Hamilton and the nationalists supporting the former and Jefferson and Madison upholding the latter position.
 thus we are compelled to face the urbanization of the South- an urbanization which, despite its dramatic and overwhelming effects upon the Southern culture, has been utterly ignored by the bulk of Southern writers.
 those writers known collectively as the" Southern school" have received accolades from even those critics least prone to eulogize;
 but the South is, and has been for the past century, engaged in a wide-sweeping urbanization which, oddly enough, is not reflected in its literature.
 as the New South snowballs toward further urbanization, it becomes more and more homogeneous with the North- a tendency which Willard Thorp terms" Yankeefication", as evidenced in such cities as Charlotte, Birmingham, and Houston.
 it is said that, even at the present stage of Southern urbanization, such a city as Atlanta is not distinctly unlike Columbus or Trenton.
 today the Negro must discover his role in an < industrialized > South, which indicates that the racial aspect of the Southern dilemma has n't changed radically, but rather has gradually come to be reflected in this new context, this new coat of paint.
 a new South is emerging after the post-bellum years of hesitation, uncertainty, and lack of action from the Negro in defining his new role in the amorphously defined socio-political organizations of the white man.
 presenting an individualized Negro character, it would seem, is one of the most difficult assignments a Southern writer could tackle;
 many earlier writers, mourning the demise of the old order, tended to romanticize and exaggerate this" gracious Old South" imagery, creating such lasting impressions as Margaret Mitchell's" Tara" plantation.
 perhaps these writers have been too deeply moved by this romanticizing;
 Westbrook further bemoans the Southern writers' creation of an unreal image of their homeland, which is too readily assimilated by both foreign readers and visiting Yankees:" our northerner is suspicious of all this crass evidence [ of urbanization ] presented to his senses.
 the fumes of progress are in his nose and the bright steel of industry towers before his eyes, but his heart is away in Yoknapatawpha County with razorback hogs and night riders.
 in the meantime, while the South has been undergoing this phenomenal modernization that is so disappointing to the curious Yankee, Southern writers have certainly done little to reflect and promote their region's progress.
 no southern novelist has done for Atlanta or Birmingham what Herrick, Dreiser, and Farrell did for Chicago or Dos Passos did for New York **h There are almost no fictional treatments of the industrialized south".
 yet he presents a realm of source material which may well serve other writers if not himself: the problems with which a New South must grapple in groping through a blind adolescence into the maturity of urbanization.
 with new mechanization the modern farmer must perform the work of six men: a machine stands between the agrarian and his soil.
 the depersonalization continued as the dancer was further metamorphosed by the play of lights upon his figure.
 as the dancer is depersonalized, his accouterments are animized, and the combined elements give birth to a new being.
 from this being come new movement ideas that utilize dancer and property as a single unit.
 the resulting picture might appear a maze of restless confusions and contradictions, but it is more true to life than a portrait of an artificially contrived order.
 rather than putting their trust in ephemeral sensations they seek form in the stable relationships of pure design, which symbolize an order more real than the disorder of the perceptual world.
 according to Katherine Litz," the becoming, the process of realization, is the dance".
 or it may involve more subtle distinctions: the sway may be gradually minimized or enlarged, its rhythmic emphasis may be slightly modified, or it may be transferred to become a movement of only the arms or the head.
 the approach to the depiction of the experience of creation may be analytic, as it is for Miss Litz, or spontaneous, as it is for Merle Marsicano.
 she, too, is concerned with" the becoming, the process of realization", but she does not think in terms of subtle variations of spatial or temporal patterns.
 the answers derived by these means may determine not only the temporal organization of the dance but also its spatial design, special slips designating the location on the stage where the movement is to be performed.
 the present issue in Atlantica- whether to transform an alliance of sovereign nations into a federal union of sovereign citizens- resembles the American one of 1787-89 rather than the one that was resolved by Civil War.
 this right of the State, its upholders contended, was essential to maintain the federal balance and protect the liberty of the people from the danger of centralizing power in the Union government.
 the champions of the Union maintained that the Constitution had formed, fundamentally, the united people of America, that it was a compact among sovereign citizens rather than states, and that therefore the states had no right to secede, though the citizens could.
 #THE DIFFERENCE BETWEEN CONFEDERACY AND FEDERAL UNION IN 1861# Many believe- and understandably- that the great difference between the Constitution of the Southern Confederacy and the Federal Constitution was that the former recognized the right of each state to secede.
 but though each of its members had asserted this right against the Union, the final Constitution which the Confederacy signed on March 11- nearly a month before hostilities began- included no explicit provision authorizing a state to secede.
 the Constitution of the Southern" Confederation" differed from that of the Federal Union only in two important respects: it openly, defiantly, recognized slavery- an institution which the Southerners of 1787, even though they continued it, found so impossible to reconcile with freedom that they carefully avoided mentioning the word in the Federal Constitution.
 they recognized that slavery was a moral issue and not merely an economic interest, and that to recognize it explicitly in their Constitution would be in explosive contradiction to the concept of sovereignty they had set forth in the Declaration of 1776 that" all men are created equal, that they are endowed by their Creator with certain unalienable rights, that among them are life, liberty and the pursuit of happiness **h".
 the one of 1861 made clear that in making their government the people were acting through their states, whereas the Preamble of 1787-89 expressed, as clearly as language can, the opposite concept, that they were acting directly as citizens.
 if the Union conceded this to them, the same right must be conceded to each remaining state whenever it saw fit to secede: this would destroy the federal balance between it and the states, and in the end sacrifice to the sovereignty of the states all the liberty the citizens had gained by their Union.
 Lincoln saw that the act of secession made the issue for the Union a vital one: whether it was a Union of sovereign citizens that should continue to live, or an association of sovereign states that must fall prey either to" anarchy or despotism".
 out of this ordeal the citizen emerged, in the South as in the North, as America's true sovereign, in" a new birth of freedom", as Lincoln promised.
 they differed in the balance they believed essential to the sovereignty of the citizen- but the supreme sacrifice each made served to maintain a still more fundamental truth: that individual life, liberty and happiness depend on a right balance between the two- and on the limitation of sovereignty, in all its aspects, which this involves.
 consitutional government, popular vote, trial by jury, public education, labor unions, cooperatives, communes, socialized ownership, world courts, and the veto power in world councils are but a few examples.
 we are worried about what people may do with them- that some crazy fool may" push the button".
 often it is recognized that all the details of the pattern may not be essential to the outcome but, because the pattern was empirically determined and not developed through theoretical understanding, one is never quite certain which behavior elements are effective, and the whole pattern becomes ritualized.
 the frequently postulated antique worry that the daylight hours might dwindle to complete darkness apparently gave rise to a ritual and celebration which we still recognize.
 his talk turns to what he calls" the mess", or sometimes" this buzzing confusion".
 it realized that to admit them was to jeopardize form.
 plays more highly formalized than" Waiting for Godot"," Endgame", and" Krapp's Last Tape" would be hard to find.
 the consciousness it mirrors may have come earlier to Europe than to America, but it is the consciousness that most" mature" societies arrive at when their successes in technological and economic systematization propel them into a time of examining the not-strictly-practical ends of culture.
 though sex in some form or other enters into all human activity and it was a good thing that Freud emphasized this aspect of human nature, it is fantastic to explain everything in terms of sex.
 jazz is sex, marijuana is a stimulus to sex, the beat tempo is adjusted to the orgiastic release of the sexual impulse.
 it is a mystique, and their private language is rich in the multivalent ambiguities of sexual reference so that they dwell in a sexualized universe of discourse.
 they withdraw to the underground of the slums where they can defy the precepts of legalized propriety.
 if Wilhelm Reich is the Moses who has led them out of the Egypt of sexual slavery, Dylan Thomas is the poet who offers them the Dionysian dialectic of justification for their indulgence in liquor, marijuana, sex, and jazz.
 jazz is good not only because it promotes wholeness but because of its decided sexual effect.
 jazz is the musical language of sex, the vocabulary of the orgasm;
 indeed, it is maintained that the sexual element in jazz, by freeing the listener of his inhibitions, can have therapeutic value.
 that is why, the argument runs, the squares are so fearful of jazz and yet perversely fascinated by it.
 instead of giving themselves spontaneously to the orgiastic release that jazz can give them, they undergo psychoanalysis or flirt with mysticism or turn to prostitutes for satisfaction.
 thus jazz is transmuted into something holy, the sacred road to integration of being.
 jazz, like sex, is a mystique.
 the mystique of sex, combined with marijuana and jazz, is intended to provide a design for living.
 let them learn to" swing" freely, to let go, to become authentically themselves, and then perhaps civilization will be saved.
 with lyrical intensity they reveal what they hate, but their faith in love, inspired by the revolutionary rhythms of jazz, culminates in the climax of the orgasm.
 hence the beatniks sustain themselves on marijuana, jazz, free swinging poetry, exhausting themselves in orgies of sex;
 their previous legalized marriages do not count, for they hold the laws of the state null and void.
 morning-glory buds which could be so grasped and squeezed that they burst like a blown-up paper bag;
 fuzzy caterpillars, snails with their sensitive horns, struggling grasshoppers held by their long hind legs and commanded to" spit tobacco, spit".
 even when the fences became a part of the game- when a vine-embowered gate-post was the Sleeping Beauty 's enchanted castle, or when Rapunzel let down her golden hair from beneath the crocketed spire, even then we paid little heed to those who went by on the path outside.
 the lazy sing-song was spaced in time like the drone of a bumble-bee.
 his appearance as Lizzy evokes not amusement but horror in the audience;
 and this occurs now, at the refrain of Jacoby's song- at the point, in fact, of the name" Lizzy"-;
 something of this can be learned from" The Way to the Churchyard" ( 1901 ), an anecdote about an old failure whose fit of anger at a passing cyclist causes him to die of a stroke or seizure.
 life is further characterized, in antithesis to Piepsam, as animal: the image of a dog, which appears at several places, is first given as the criterion of amiable, irrelevant interest aroused by life considered simply as a spectacle: a dog in a wagon is" admirable"," a pleasure to contemplate";
" Gladius Dei" ( 1902 ) resembles" The Way to the Churchyard" in its representation of a conflict between light and dark, between" Life" and a spirit of criticism, negation, melancholy, but it goes considerably further in characterizing the elements of this conflict.
 the monk Savonarola, brought over from the Renaissance and placed against the background of Munich at the turn of the century, protests against the luxurious works displayed in the art-shop of M& Bluthenzweig;
 whatever pole of this contrast one emphasizes and whatever the tension between these two approaches to understanding the artistic imagination, it will be readily seen that they are not mutually exclusive, that they belong together.
 as in experience one is seized by given entities and their interrelations and is forced to respond in value feelings to them, so one is similarly seized in the mimetic presentation of images.
 a word taken in its dictionary meaning, a photographic image of a recognizable object, the mere picturing of a" scene" tends to lose experiential vividness and to connote such conventional abstractions as to invite neutral reception without the incitement of value feelings.
 similarly experience itself can be conventionalized so that people react to certain preconceived clues for behavior without awareness of the vitality of their experiential field.
 but people can n't be made to integrate, socialize ( the two are inseparable by Southern standards ) by law.
 I was having lunch not long ago ( apologies to N& V& Peale ) with three distinguished historians ( one specializing in the European Middle Ages, one in American history, and one in the Far East ), and I asked them if they could name instances where the general mores had been radically changed with" deliberate speed, majestic instancy" ( Francis Thompson's words for the Hound of < Heaven's > pursuit ) by judicial fiat.
 the New England conscience became desensitized.
 George W& Cable ( naturalized New Englander ), writing in 1889 from" Paradise Road, Northampton" ( lovely symbolic name ), agitated continuously the" < Southern > question".
 AMONG THE RECIPIENTS of the Nobel Prize for Literature more than half are practically unknown to readers of English.
 he tells stories of the Thousand and One Nights, and conjures up before us the bazaars of Damascus.
 almost nothing is said of Charles' spectacular victories, the central theme being the heroic loyalty of the Swedish people to their idolized king in misfortune and defeat.
 in short, the fictional private eye is a specialized version of Adam Smith's ideal entrepreneur, the man whose private ambitions must always and everywhere promote the public welfare.
 now, although the roots of the mystery story in serious literature go back as far as Balzac, Dickens, and Poe, it was not until the closing decades of the 19th century that the private detective became an established figure in popular fiction.
 Hercule Poirot and Lord Peter Whimsey ( the respective creations of Agatha Christie and Dorothy Sayers ) have retained Holmes' egotism but not his zest for life and eccentric habits.
 in either case, they do not appreciate the private detective's zeal.
 in order to save the mystery story, they have converted the private detective into an organization man.
 the first of two possible variations on this theme is symbolized by Mickey Spillane's Mike Hammer.
 it will be shown that the < objectives > of the cooperative people in an organization determine the type of < network > required, because the type of network functions according to the characteristics of the messages enumerated in Table 1.
 the crowd consequently breaks up into temporary groups ranging in size from two to six, with a half-life for the cluster ranging from three to twenty minutes.
 _THE RURAL COMMUNITY._ We consider a rural community as an assemblage of inhabited dwellings whose configuration is determined by the location and size of the arable land sites necessary for family subsistence.
 we assume for this illustration that the size of the land plots is so great that the distance between dwellings is greater than the voice can carry and that most of the communication is between nearest neighbors only, as shown in Figure 2.
 in any social system in which communications have an importance comparable with that of production and other human factors, a point like < f > in Figure 2 would ( other things being equal ) be the dwelling place for the community leader, while < e > and < h > would house the next most important citizens.
 since the hazards of poor communication are so great, < p > can be justified as a habitable site only on the basis of unusual productivity such as is made available by a waterfall for milling purposes, a mine, or a sugar maple camp.
 the monitoring is the highest and most restrictive of any organization in existence.
 this is done for simplicity of commands and to bring the hidden redundancy up to where misunderstanding has almost zero possibility.
 in contrast to cocktail parties, military organizations, even in the field, are more formal.
 in the extreme and oversimplified example suggested in Figure 3, the organization is more easily understood and more predictable in behavior.
 a military organization has an objective chosen by the higher command.
 these assumptions lead to an organization with one man at the top, six directly under him, six under each of these, and so on until there are six levels of personnel.
 this organizational network would be of no avail if there were no regulations pertaining to the types of message sent.
 questions and, particularly, exclamations are usually channeled along informal, horizontal lines not indicated in Figure 3 and seldom are carried beyond the nearest neighbor.
 first, we realize that a pure specialist does not exist.
 it is a weakness of Gabriel's analysis that he never seems to realize that his so-called fundamental law had already been cut loose from its foundations when it was adapted to democracy.
 moreover the centralization of our economy during the 1920s, the dislocations of the Depression, the common ethos of Materialism everywhere, all contributed in various ways to the face-lifting that replaced Mike Fink and the Great Gatsby with the anonymous physiognomy of the Little People.
 we will recall that the still confident liberals of the Truman administration gathered with other Western utopians in San Francisco to set up the legal framework, finally and at last, to rationalize war- to rationalize want and fear- out of the world: the United Nations.
 the show was colorful, indeed, exuberant, but the press for all its assiduity could detect no note of a fateful rendezvous with destiny.
 the earlier of them was an unofficial enterprise, sponsored by < Life > magazine, under the title of < the National purpose >.
 the contributors to this testament were all well-known: a former Democratic candidate for President, a New Deal poet, the magazine's chief editorial writer, two newspaper columnists, head of a national broadcasting company, a popular Protestant evangelist, etc&.
 and let me add Murray's new book as another symptom of it, particularly so in view of the attention TIME magazine gave it when it came out recently.
 DOES our society have a runaway, uncontrollable growth of technology which may end our civilization, or a normal, healthy growth?
 we have proved so able to solve technological problems that to contend we cannot realize a universal goal in the immediate future is to be extremely shortsighted, if nothing else.
 so we must first analyze our present institutions with respect to the effect of each on man's major needs.
 in a book review of" The Soviet Cultural Offensive", he says," Long before the State Department organized its bureaucracy into an East-West Contacts Staff in order to wage a cultural counter-offensive within Soviet borders, the sharp cutting-edge of American culture had carved its mark across the Russian steppes, as when the enterprising promoters of ' Porgy and Bess ' overrode the State Department to carry the contemporary ' cultural warfare ' behind the enemy lines.
 they were not diplomats or jazz musicians, or even organizers of reading-rooms and photo-montage displays, but rugged capitalist entrepreneurs like Henry Ford, Hugh Cooper, Thomas Campbell, the International Harvester Co&, and David W& Griffith.
 first, let us realize that whatever good this set-up achieved in earlier times, now the corporation < per se > cannot take economic leadership.
 some forms of capitalism do indeed work- superb organizations, a credit to any society.
 as a creative enterprise, its abilities are primarily in" swallowing" creative enterprises developed outside its own organization ( an ability made possible by us, and almost mandatory ).
 but while the corporation has all the disadvantages of the socialist form of organization ( so cumbersome it cannot constructively do much of anything not compatible with its need to perpetuate itself and maintain its status quo ), unluckily it does not have the desirable aspect of socialism, the motivation to operate for the benefit of society as a whole.
 we are tempted to blame others for our problems rather than look them straight in the face and realize they are of our own making and possible of solution only by ourselves with the help of desperately needed, enlightened, competent leaders.
 in my own company, in effect a partnership, although legally a corporation, I have been able to do many things for my employees which" normal" corporations of comparable size and nature would have been unable to do.
 then, not many years later, the Un-American Activities Committee, under the leadership of Martin Dies, pilloried hundreds of decent, patriotic citizens.
 criminals, as well as model citizens, exercise their minds.
 of course, there must be clarity: a single distinct impression is more valuable than many fuzzy ones.
 it would have been unwise policy, for instance, to apply the pound-of-flesh characterization to the thrifty Scotchman.
 just as now anyone may hurl insults at a citizen of Mars, or even of Tikopia, and no senatorial investigation will result.
 only when that term is ended and he is a private citizen again can he be permitted the freedom and the courage to discount the dangers of his death.
 at the national and international level, then, what is the highest kind of morality for the private citizen represents an instance of political immorality.
 nothing testifies more clearly to that cleavage than the peculiar editorial page appearing in a July issue of < Life Magazine >, the issue which also carried the second announcement of the candidacy.
 but by the time the risk was doubled, events had dismissed from his mind both increased percentages and a previously stated intention of considering carefully anything more serious than a bout of influenza.
 as a means of silencing a discussion which ought to have taken place, the statement is an effective one: we sympathize with the universal confusion which gives rise to such convictions.
 in assigning to God the responsibility which he learned could not rest with his doctors, Eisenhower gave evidence of that weakening of the moral intuition which was to characterize his administration in the years to follow.
 Lincoln's slow progress towards the several marking his achievement is even now unrecognizable as such, and loosely interpreted as the alternation of inconsistency with vision.
 only recently, and perhaps because a television debate can so effectively dramatize President Kennedy's extraordinary mastery of detail, have the abilities on which the capacity for making distinctions depend begun to be clearly discernible at the level of politics.
 the civilizational crisis, the third type of change raises the question" what are we to do"?
 Voegelin has analyzed this experience in the case of the stable, healthy community.
 the content of that psychological status determines, ultimately, the content of civilization.
 those social, civilizational factors not rooted in the human spirit of the group, ultimately cease to exist.
 civilization itself- tradition- falls out of existence when the human spirit itself becomes confused.
 civilization is what man has made of himself.
 thus, it is no mystical intuition, but an analyzable conception to say that man and his tradition can" fall out of existence".
 thus human perception and human volition is the immanent cause of all social change and this most truly when the change reaches the civilizational level.
 it would seem, therefore, that in a civilizational crisis man cannot save himself.
 as a further characterization of the liberal conservative split we may observe that it involves differences in the formula for escaping inevitabilities in history.
 we note the use of rhetoric as a weapon, the manipulation of the masses by propaganda, the" mobilization" of effort and resources.
 within this context of spontaneous and unanalyzed responses to the experience of civilizational crisis, two basic organizations of response are observable: reaction and ideological progressivism.
 since a civilizational crisis involves also a crisis in private interests and in the ruling class, reaction is normally found among those who feel themselves to be among the ruling class.
 since civilizational change is the most difficult to perceive and analyze, it seldom is given adequate attention.
 in its dynamic form, it visualizes the community as the embodiment of an ontological force- the race, for instance, which unfolds in history.
 when the reactionary response is thus bolstered by an intellectual defense, the characteristics of that defense are explicable only in terms of the basic attitudes of unanalyzed reaction.
 now we can argue that the irresistible fate of Oedipus Rex was nothing more than the irresistible unconscious longings of Oedipus projected outward, but this externalization of unconscious conflict makes all the difference between a story and a clinical case history.
 we can also argue that the three brothers Karamazov and Smerdyakov were the external representatives of an internal conflict within one man, Dostoevsky, a conflict having to do with father-murder and the wish to possess the father's woman.
 but a novel in which one man Karamazov explored the divisions within his personality would scarcely merit publication in the < Psychoanalytic Quarterly >.
 the rocking, I realized, is the single element in the story that carries the erotic message, the unspoken and unconscious undercurrent that would mar the innocence of a child's fantasy and disturb the effects of the work if it were made explicit.
 the novelist who has been badly baptized in psychoanalysis often gives us the impression that since all men must have an Oedipus complex all men must have the same faces.
 mother and son recognize each other and, in Mann's version of this legend, make a remarkable confession of guilt to each other, the confession of unconscious motive and unconscious knowledge of their true identities from the time they had first set eyes on each other.
 moreover, he organized the movement of his forms, within his rigorously shaped space, into highly complex equilibriums;
 Helion did not realize it at the time, but it was true.
 but Leger, Arp, Lipchitz and Alexander Calder, at the time, gave him their blessing.
 at this period the thirty-year old Helion was ranked" as one of the mature leaders of the modern movement", according to Herbert Read," and in the direct line of descent from Cezanne, Seurat, Gris and Leger".
" we were possessed by visions of a new civilization to come, very pure and elevated", he has said," in fact some ideal form of socialism such as we had dreamed of since the war of 1914-1918".
 the Rooseveltian America was a haven of liberalism and progress and seemed to him to constitute the last best hope for civilization.
 in haste he labored to finish some last abstract paintings: a three-panel frieze, with a flying figure and a fallen figure;
 he had taken out first papers for American citizenship;
 when he was stripped, deloused and numbered by his guards, his much-thumbed sketchbook was seized and thrown on a pile of prisoners' goods to be confiscated.
 Duclos ran toward Desprez with fists raised.
 the thoroughgoing idealization of the planter society did not come, however, until after the Civil War when Southern writers were eager to defend a way of life which had been destroyed.
 although Faulkner was the heir in his own family to this tradition, he did not have Stark Young's inclination to romanticize and sentimentalize the planter society.
 without saying or seeming to say that in portraying the Sartoris and the Compson families Faulkner's chief concern is social criticism, we can say nevertheless that through those families he dramatizes his comment on the planter dynasties as they have existed since the decades before the Civil War.
 William Gilmore Simms, sturdy realist that he was, pleaded for a natural robustness such as he found in his favorites the great Elizabethans, to vivify the pale writings being produced around him.
 nor is there need to add that among them are some of the most highly individualized and most successful of his characters.
 Thorpe came to Louisiana from the East as a young man prepared to find in the new country the setting of romantic adventure and idealized beauty.
 as a consequence of the tensions thus produced in his thoughts and feelings, he wrote on the one hand sketches of idealized hunting trips and on the other an anecdote of the village of Hardscrabble, Arkansas, where no one had ever seen a piano;
 as a Humanist, Dr& Huxley interests himself in the possibilities of human development, and one thing we can say about this suggestion, which comes from a leading zoologist, is that, so far as he is concerned, the scientific outlook places no rigid limitation upon the idea of future human evolution.
 but the basic puzzles of existence would still be puzzling, and we should still have to work out the sort of problems we plan to discuss in this article.
 he is a Craig's wife who agonizes about tobacco ash on the living room rug and he is a forgetful genius who goes boating with the town baker when dignitaries from the local university have come to call.
 the pamphlets are about law, the corporation, forms of government, the idea of freedom, the defense of liberty, the various lethargies which overtake our major institutions, the gap between traditional social ideals and the working mechanisms that have been set in motion for their realization.
 actually, you could wish for some passion, now and then, but when you look around the world and see the little volcanos of current history which partisan social passions have wrought, you are glad that in these pamphlets there is at least some civilized calm.
 **h although we continue to pay our conversational devotions to" free private enterprise"," individual initiative"," the democratic way"," government of the people"," competition of the marketplace", etc&, we live rather comfortably in a society in which economic competition is diminishing in large areas, bureaucracy is corroding representative government, technology is weakening the citizen's confidence in his own power to make decisions, and the threat of war is driving him economically and physically into the ground".
 the interesting thing about Mr& Lyford's approach, and the approach of the contributors to < The Agreeable Autocracies > ( Oceana Publications, 1961 ) to the situation of American civilization, is that it is concerned with comprehending the psychological relationships which are having a decisive effect on American life.
 the men who speculate on these institutions have, for the most part, come to at least one common conclusion: that many of the great enterprises and associations around which our democracy is formed are in themselves autocratic in nature, and possessed of power which can be used to frustrate the citizen who is trying to assert his individuality in the modern world".
 going back over this ground and analyzing the composition of forces which have created the present scene is one of the tasks undertaken by the Center for the Study of Democratic Institutions, in Santa Barbara.
 and the citizen narrows his political participation to the mere act of voting- if he votes at all".
 not only did constellations like Draco, Cepheus, and Cassiopeia spin circles around the pole, but stars which were not circumpolar rose and set at the same place on the horizon each night.
 ships disappear hull-first over the horizon;
 by distinguishing superlunary ( celestial ) and sublunary ( terrestrial ) existence, and reinforcing this with the four-element physics of Empedocles, Aristotle came to speak of the stars as perfect bodies, which moved in only a perfect way, viz& in a perfect circle.
 let us re-examine the publicized contrasts between Ptolemaic and Copernican astronomy.
 they are no longer a puzzling aspect of intricately variable, local planetary motions.
 as an illustration of the principle of simplicity the heliocentric discovery has a peculiar appeal because it allows simplicity to be arithmetized;
 this characterizes Euclid's formulation of geometry, but not Ptolemy's astronomy.
 it is an organized system of these things.
 dr& Isaacs was so pleased with the quality of her biographical study of Sara Sullam that he considered submitting it to the < Century > Magazine or < Harper's > but he decided that its Jewish subject probably would not interest them and published it in < The Messenger, >" so our readers will be benefited instead".
 in the following year her father undertook to give a course in Hebrew theology to Johns Hopkins students, and this brought to the Szold house a group of bright young Jews who had come to Baltimore to study, and who enjoyed being fed and mothered by Mamma and entertained by Henrietta and Rachel, who played and sang for them in the upstairs sitting room on Sunday evenings.
 Adler, Judge Sulzberger's nephew, came to study Assyriology.
 his father was a good friend of Rabbi Szold, and Joe lived with the Szolds for a while.
 and bright though they all were, they could not possibly compete for her interest with Papa, whose mind- although he never tried to dazzle or patronize lesser lights with it- naturally eclipsed theirs and made them seem to her even younger than they were.
 but that did not prevent him from writing more long letters, or from coming to spend his Christmas vacations with the hospitable, lively Szolds in their pleasant house on Lombard Street.
 and the Szold family, as it developed, bore a striking resemblance to the Marches.
 mr& March, like Benjamin Szold, was a clergyman, although of an indeterminate denomination;
 and" Marmee" March, like Sophie Szold, was the competent manager of her brood of girls, of whom the Marches had only four to the Szolds' five.
 but the March girls had their counterparts in the Szold girls.
 Bertha Szold was more like Meg, the eldest March girl, who" learned that a woman's happiest kingdom is home, her highest honor the art of ruling it, not as a queen, but a wise wife and mother".
 and she recited" Hector's Farewell to Andromache" most movingly, to the special delight of Rabbi Jastrow at his home in Germantown near Philadelphia, where the Szold girls took turns visiting between the visits of the Jastrow boys at the Szolds' in Baltimore.
 for Rachel, conceded to be the prettiest of the Szold girls- and she did make a pretty picture sitting in the grape-arbor strumming her guitar and singing in her silvery tones- there was no particular March counterpart;
 the Szolds, like the Marches, enjoyed and loved living together, even in troubled times;
 and, as in the March home, any young man who called on the Szolds found himself confronted with a phalanx of femininity which made it rather difficult to direct his particular attention to any one of them.
 and when a young man like Morris Jastrow had enjoyed the Szold hospitality, he felt obliged to send his respects and his gifts not merely to Henrietta, in whom he was really interested, but to all the Szold girls and Mamma.
 this showed that common sense had not died out at the county and village level- though why the unhappy and obviously unbalanced woman was not restrained remains a puzzle.
 the misery of Miriam's bitterness can be felt today by anyone who studies the case- it was hopeless, agonizing, and destructive, with Miriam herself bearing the heaviest burden of shame and pain.
 Miriam had not yet goaded him into mentioning her directly, but one can feel the generalized anger in Wright's remarks to reporters when he was asked, one morning on arrival in Chicago, what he thought of the city as a whole.
 the first news stories had it that this blaze was started by a bolt of lightning, as though Miriam could call down fire from heaven like a prophet of the Old Testament.
" Volstead laws, speed laws, divorce laws", he said," as they now stand, demoralize the individual, make liars and law breakers of us in one way or another, and tend to make our experiment in democracy absurd.
 I realize, in taking this stand, just what it means to me and mine".
 but what you could not know, of course, was how smoothly the Victorian Fitzgerald was to lead into an American Fitzgerald of my own vintage under whose banner we adolescents were to come, if not of age, then into a bright, taut semblance of it.
 I do not suppose you ever heard of F& Scott Fitzgerald, living or dead, and moreover I do not suppose that, even if you had, his legend would have seemed to you to warrant more than a cluck of disapproval.
 it was symbolized ( at least for those of us who recognized ourselves in the image ) by that self-consuming, elegiac candle of Edna St& Vincent Millay's, that candle which from the quatrain where she ensconced it became a beacon to us, but which in point of fact would have had to be as tall as a funeral taper to last even the evening, let alone the night.
 in any case, Miss Millay's sweet-throated bitterness, her variations on the theme that the world was not only well lost for love but even well lost for lost love, her constant and wonderfully tragic posture, so unlike that of Fitzgerald since it required no scenery or props, drew from the me that I was when I fell upon her verses an overwhelming yea.
 there is another side of love, more nearly symbolized by the croak of the mating capercailzie, or better still perhaps by the mute antics of the slug.
 whether you experienced the passion of desire I have, of course, no way of knowing, nor indeed have I wished with even the most fleeting fragment of a wish to know, for the fact that one constitutes by one's mere existence so to speak the proof of some sort of passion makes any speculation upon this part of one's parents' experience more immodest, more scandalizing, more deeply unwelcome than an obscenity from a stranger.
 I fled, however, not from what might have been the natural fear of being unable to disguise from you that the things about my bridegroom- in the sense you meant the word" things"- which you had been galvanizing yourself to tell me as a painful part of your maternal duty were things which I had already insisted upon finding out for myself ( despite, I may now say, the unspeakable awkwardness of making the discovery on principle, yes, on principle, and in cold blood ) because I was resolved, as a modern woman, not to be a mollycoddle waiting for Life but to seize Life by the throat.
 a lady, you made clear to me both by precept and example, never raised her voice or slumped in her chair, never failed in social tact ( in heaven, for instance, would not mention St& John the Baptist's head ), never pouted or withdrew or scandalized in company, never reminded others of her physical presence by unseemly sound or gesture, never indulged in public scenes or private confidences, never spoke of money save in terms of alleviating suffering, never gossiped or maligned, never stressed but always minimized the hopelessness of anything from sin to death itself.
 he rummaged, found composers and arrangers, collaborated on the main design and outline of harmonization with musicians, ballad singers, and musicologists.
 ' Kalamazoo guitars ', he said, ' used by radio hillbilly singers '.
 she has rarely been photographed with him and, except for Carl's seventy-fifth anniversary celebration in Chicago in 1953, she has not attended the dozens of banquets, functions, public appearances, and dinners honoring him- all of this upon her insistence.
 her parents, pious Roman Catholics, christened her Mary Anne Elizabeth Magdalene Steichen.
 ( two years ago the photography editor of < Vogue > magazine titled his article about Steichen," The World's Greatest Photographer".
 socialist leaders in Milwaukee recognized her worth, not only because of her dedication but because of her fluency in German, French, and Luxemburg.
 he" legitimized" Paula for Lilian Steichen, and it was Paula who insisted on Carl for Charles.
 Carl, who was stationed in Appleton, Wisconsin, organizing for the Social Democrats, was in Berger's office and made it his business to escort Paula to the streetcar.
 never until in this work of S- D organization have I realized and felt the attitude and experience of a < Teacher >.
 we will not act in any way which would jeopardize our solemn commitments to them.
 growing out of this concern is the realization that all people of the Free World have a great stake in the progress, in freedom, of the uncommitted and newly emerging nations.
 a rich nation can for a time, without noticeable damage to itself, pursue a course of self-indulgence, making its single goal the material ease and comfort of its own citizens- thus repudiating its own spiritual and material stake in a peaceful and prosperous society of nations.
 the intellectual honesty and capacity to recognize the true path of her own best interests.
 further, we must induce all industrialized nations of the Free World to work together to help lift the scourge of poverty from less fortunate.
 because of its wealth of experience, the Organization for European Economic Cooperation could help with the initial studies needed.
 the goal is to enlist all available economic resources in the industrialized Free World, especially private investment capital.
 the continuing modernization of these forces is a costly but necessary process.
 among current problems that require solutions, participated in by citizens as well as government, are: the need to protect the public interest in situations of prolonged labor-management stalemate;
 in certain instances the denial to some of our citizens of equal protection of the law.
 you know, Bang-Jensen characterized your Committee as having prejudged his case".
 no organization can carry on like that.
 Hammarskjold believes the U&N& is an organization that settles matters in a procedural way **h".
" I 've served as a counsel for the U&N& for some years, specializing particularly in real estate matters or other problems that the regular U&N& legal staff might not be equipped to handle.
 the crew of the < Caravan > never failed to amaze Ann, who during her stay in Salem must frequently have overheard strong sailorly language.
 born a Congregationalist, he had been baptized as a tiny baby in the usual manner by having a few drops of water sprinkled on his head, yet nowhere in the whole of the New Testament could he find a description of anybody being baptized by sprinkling.
 even Christ was baptized by this method.
 running across the deck, which was empty now that the livestock had been killed and eaten, they sniffed the spice-laden breezes that came from the shore, each pointing out new and exciting wonders to the other.
 solid brick buildings painted dazzling white, large domes and tall, picturesque palms stretched as far as the eye could see, while the wharves and harbor were filled with tall-masted sailing ships.
 he had failed to realize that the Burmese were not really treating him as the important visitor he considered himself.
 she describes, first, the imaginary reaction of a foreigner puzzled by this" unseasonable exultation";
 Oxford, realizing that the law required the issuance of the writ, took the opposite view, for which the Queen never forgave him.
 accordingly the request was granted, but the Elector himself, who had not been consulted by his mother, rejected the proposal and recalled his agent Schu^tz, whose impolitic handling of the affair had caused the Hanoverian interest to suffer and had made Oxford's dismissal more likely than ever.
 the film they did after his return was an inconsequential bit of nothing titled < Out of This World, > a satire on the Sinatra bobby-soxer craze.
 it purported to be a reasonably serious attempt at a treatment of jazz musicians, their aims, their problems- the tug-of-war between the" pure" and the" commercial"- and seemed a promising vehicle, for the two men shared a common interest in jazz.
 Johnny Mercer practically grew up with the sound of jazz and the blues in his ears.
 when he was fifteen John H& Mercer turned out his first song, a jazzy little thing he called" Sister Susie, Strut Your Stuff".
 entrance into such stellar song writing company encouraged the burgeoning song writer to take a wife, Elizabeth Meehan, a dancer in the < Gaieties >.
 Mercer's Whiteman association brought him into contact with Hoagy Carmichael, whose" Snowball" Mercer relyriced as" Lazybones", in which form it became a hit and marked the real beginning of Mercer's song-writing career.
 the countrywide success of" Lazybones" and" And the Angels Sing" could only lead to Hollywood, where, besides Harold Arlen, Mercer collaborated with Harry Warren, Jimmy Van Heusen, Richard Whiting, Walter Donaldson, Jerome Kern, and Arthur Schwartz.
 Mercer's lyrics are characterized by an unerring ear for rhythmic nuances, a puckish sense of humor expressed in language with a colloquial flair.
 while Arlen and Mercer collaborated on < Hot Nocturne >, Mercer worked also with Arthur Schwartz on another film, < Navy Blues >.
 thoroughly modern in treatment, they are at the same time, full of simple sincerity which invariably characterizes genuine Negro folk-music and are by no means to be confused with the average ' Broadway Spirituals ' which depend for their racial flavor upon sundry allusions to the ' Amen Corner ', ' judgement day ', ' Gabriel's horn ', and a frustrated devil- with a few random ' Hallelujahs ' thrown in for good measure.
 then he would get to his feet, as though rising in honor of his own remarkable powers, and say almost invariably," Gentlemen, this is an amazing story!
 while I was sitting at one of the rewrite telephones with my derby and my great beard, Arthur Brisbane whizzed in with some editorial copy in his hand.
 one finds it difficult to pass censure on the lonely figure who waited for days for a saving word from his zealously served idol, W&R& Hearst.
 < I cannot > **h" Much to Damon Runyon's amazement, as well as my own, I got along splendidly with the Hetman;
 he got her dozens of them.
 Mama always felt that the collection symbolized Mrs& Coolidge's wish for a little girl.
 one White House dog was immortalized in a painting.
 I still have the dress, and I hope to give it to the Smithsonian Institution as a memento, or, as I more fondly hope, to present it to a museum containing articles showing the daily lives of the Presidents- if I can get it organized.
 the wool would become frazzled around the edges from blowing in the wind, and Mama would mend it.
 as a result, he was sent to a hospital in Arizona until his health improved enough for him to come back to Washington to work in the Government service.
 but General Grant may have been self-victimized.
 what are the historical trends in this country and abroad in the extent to which these goals are effectively realized?
 what factors condition the degree of realization at various times and places?
 the discussion is therefore limited to a suggested procedure for realizing at least some of the potential importance of this volume for future policy.
 the basic goal finds partial expression in the Universal Declaration of Human Rights, a statement initiated and endorsed by individuals and organizations of many religious and philosophical traditions.
 in conformance with the maximization principle we affirm that Gentile-Jewish relations will be harmonious or inharmonious to the degree that one relation or the other is expected by the active participants to yield the greatest net advantage, taking all value outcomes and effects into consideration.
 when we consider the disorganized state of the world community, and the legacy of predispositions adversely directed against all who are identified as Jews, it is obvious that the struggle for the minds and muscles of men needs to be prosecuted with increasing vigor and skill.
 among measures in anticipation of crisis are plans to inject into the turmoil as assistants of key decision makers qualified persons who are cognizant of the corrosive effect of crisis upon personal relationships and are also able to raise calm and realistic voices when overburdened leaders near the limit of self-control.
 we are learning how to do these things in some of the vast organized structures of modern society;
 men seem almost universally to want a sense of function, that is, a feeling that their existence makes a difference to someone, living or unborn, close and immediate or generalized.
 one of the most salient features of literary value has been deemed to be its influence upon and organization of emotion.
 Richards' view of the aesthetic experience might constitute a sixth variety: for him it constitutes, in part, the < organization of impulses >.
 in the calm which follows the reading of a poem, for example, is the effect produced by the enforced quiet, by the musical quality of words and rhythm, by the sentiments or sense of the poem, by the associations with earlier readings, if it is familiar, by the boost to the self-esteem for the semi-literate, by the diversion of attention, by the sense of security in a legitimized withdrawal, by a kind license for some variety of fantasy life regarded as forbidden, or by half-conscious ideas about the magical power of words?
 but the possibility of this effort is bound up with that development of historical thought which is the greatest achievement of our civilization in the last two centuries, and it is utterly impossible to people in whom this development has not taken place.
 one might argue that the ultimate purpose of literary scholarship is to correct this spontaneous provincialism that is likely to obscure the horizons of the general public, of the newspaper critic, and of the creative artist himself.
 one might, indeed, argue that the history of ideas, in so far as it includes the literatures, must center on characterizations of human nature and that the great periods of literary achievement may be distinguished from one another by reference to the images of human nature that they succeed in fashioning.
 usually the work studied offers us a special or even an individualized rendering or treatment of the ideas in question, so that the student finds it necessary to distinguish carefully between the several expressions of an" - ism" or mode of thought.
 in recent years, we have come increasingly to recognize that ideas have a history and that not the least important chapters of this history have to do with thematic or conceptual aspects of literature and the arts, although these aspects should be studied in conjunction with the history of philosophy, of religion, and of the sciences.
 still, we must remember that we cannot construct and justify generalizations of this sort unless we are ready to consider many special instances of influence moving between such areas as theology, philosophy, political thought, and literature.
 certainly one of the most important comments that can be made upon the spiritual and cultural life of any period of Western civilization during the past sixteen or seventeen centuries has to do with the way in which its leaders have read and interpreted the Bible.
 in much the same way, we recognize the importance of Shakespeare's familarity with Plutarch and Montaigne, of Shelley's study of Plato's dialogues, and of Coleridge's enthusiastic plundering of the writings of many philosophers and theologians from Plato to Schelling and William Godwin, through which so many abstract ideas were brought to the attention of English men of letters.
 we may also recognize cases in which the poets have influenced the philosophers and even indirectly the scientists.
 he was a political maverick, a reformer with his own program, determined to bulldoze it through or to blazon the infamy of those who balked him.
 he soon quarreled with all the party leaders in the House, and came to be regarded with detestation by regular Democrats as a professional radical leading a small pack of obedient terriers whose constant snapping was demoralizing to party discipline.
 thus Trevelyan repeats the story which pictured Victor Emmanuel as refusing to abandon the famous < Statuto > at the insistence of General Radetzky.
 he tends to underestimate- or perhaps to view charitably- the brutality and the violence of the age, so that there is an idyllic quality in these pages which hazes over some of its sharp reality.
 questions came to me from all sides about my world citizenship activities.
 called out a dozen young voices.
 sure enough, mail began trickling in, delivered by a talkative, highly amused French postman who informed me there had been quite a debate at the post office as to whether that address would be recognized.
 twenty thousand world citizens at Stuttgart had signed a petition inviting me to visit their town.
 when Dr& Adenauer was approached by a world citizen delegation to find out his disposition of my case, he gave them his personal approval of my entry, saying that all men advocating peace should be welcomed into Germany.
 he advised immediate hospitalization.
 I would n't hear of it because it meant giving up the" line", though I realized I was in poor shape physically.
 at that moment, up walked a tall young man with glasses who announced himself as a world citizen from Basel, Switzerland.
 without preliminaries, Esther asked him," If you are a world citizen, will you take Garry Davis' place in his tent while he goes to the hospital"?
 such were the incongruities of the situation that the very police assigned to check up on me were drafted into driving me to the Strasbourg Hospital while World Citizen Jean Babel waved adieu from the" Line"!
 it was the only sizable assault upon infantry and artillery behind breastworks successfully made by either side during the Atlanta campaign.
 the fossilized, formalized, precedent-based thinking of the legendary military brain was not evident in Sherman's armies.
 well led, properly organized cavalry, in its complementary role to infantry, had four functions.
 its climactic role was to pursue and demoralize a defeated enemy but this chance never came in the Atlanta campaign.
 his conception proved workable but slower and it enabled his enemy to make clean, deft, well organized retreats with small materiel losses.
 to relieve the itch and sweat galls, the men got into the water whenever they could and since each sizable stream was generally the dividing line between the armies the pickets declared a private truce while the men went swimming.
 taking into account Thompson's capacity for self-dramatization and the possibility of a wish to identify his own life with the misfortunes of other poets who had known unhappy loves, there can be no doubt about his genuine emotion for Katie King.
 from the outset, she must have realized that marriage with him was out of the question, and although she was displeased by the" unwarrantable" interference, it seems probable that she did agree with her mother's suggestion that the poet was" perhaps" a man" most fitted to live + die solitary, + in the love only of the Highest Lover".
 there is every reason to recognize that in the very last years of his life, as we shall see, Thompson did take the drug in carefully rationed doses to ease the pains of his illness, but the exact date at which this began has never been determined.
 there, along the east bank of the Southern Bug, opposite the hamlet of Zhitzhakli a few miles north of the Black Sea, he arrived at General Headquarters of the Russian Army.
 by 1783 her legions had managed to annex the Crimea amid scenes of wanton cruelty and now, in this second combat with the Crescent, were aiming at suzerainty over all of the Black Sea's northern shoreline.
 to consolidate what her Navy had won, the Czarina was fortunate that, for the first time in Russian history, her land forces enjoyed absolute unity of command under her favorite Giaour.
 Potemkin's Army of Ekaterinoslav, totaling, it was claimed, 40,000 regular troops and 6,000 irregulars of the Cossack Corps, had invested Islam's principal stronghold on the north shore of the Black Sea, the fortress town of Oczakov, and was preparing to test the Turk by land and sea.
 Repnin, who had a rather narrow face, longish nose, high forehead, and arching brows, looked like a quizzical Mephistopheles.
 there was the Neapolitan, Ribas, a capable conniver whose father had been a blacksmith but who had fawned his way up the ladder of Catherine's and Potemkin's favor till he was now a brigadier ( and would one day be the daggerman designated to do in Czar Paul 1,, after traveling all the way to Naples to procure just the right stiletto ).
 out of Saxony rode the Prince of Anhalt-Bernburg, one of the Czarina's cousins and a lieutenant general in her armies, a frank, sensitive, popular soldier whose kindnesses Littlepage would" always recall with the sincerest gratitude".
 around the billiard tables were always at least a couple of dozen beribboned generals.
 the Prince took her with him on every tour around the area, and it was rumored he was utilizing her knowledge of Constantinople as part of his espionage network.
 his coat trimmed in sable, diamond stars of the Orders of Saints Andrew or George agleam, he was often prone to sit sulkily, eye downcast, in a Scheherazade trance.
 he stays inactive for half the summer in front of Oczakov, a quite second-rate spot, begins to besiege it < formally > only during the autumn rains, and finally carries it < by assault > in the heart of winter.
 yet General Suvorov- who had never forgotten hearing his adored Czarina declare that all truly great men had oddities- was mad only north, northwest.
 to Serenissimus such tribes as the Cossacks of the Don or those ex-bandits the Zaporogian Cossacks ( in whose islands along the lower Dnieper the Polish novelist Sienkiewicz would one day place < With Fire and Sword > ) were just elements for enforced resettlement in, say, Bessarabia, where, as" the faithful of the Black Sea borders", he could use their presence as baragining points in the Czarina's territorial claims against Turkey.
 these illiterate boors conscripted from villages all across the Czarina's empire had, Suvorov may have told Lewis, just two things a commander could count on: physical fitness and personal courage.
 the carved statues of the frieze against the low wall are for the most part headless, but their exquisitely graceful nude and draped torsos and the kneeling Atlantes are well preserved in their perfect proportion.
 in 1687 the Turks, who had been in control of the city since the fifteenth century, with a truly shattering lack of prudence used the Parthenon as a powder magazine.
 it remained, however, for Mando to teach me that Doric symbolized strength, Ionic wisdom, and Corinthian beauty, the three pillars of the ancient world.
 another classic sight that gave us considerable pleasure was the evzone sentry, in his ballet skirt with great pompons on his shoes, who was patrolling up and down in front of the palace.
 they would be lolling under a tree sipping Ouzo, relishing the leisurely life, assuring him that the day was yet young.
 the charges would be made in the < Gazette > by an anonymous correspondent, and Pike would be so busy trying to track down the illusive character assassin that he would forget about harassing Woodruff.
 Pike was stunned by the first blast against his character, which was published in the March 4th issue of the < Gazette > under the name" Vale".
 it took Pike a long time to realize what Woodruff had done, and it had a profound effect on him.
 considering the governor's act a personal rebuff, he aired his feelings in the < Gazette > on August 26, 1834:" we think the governor treated us rather shabbily, to say the least of it.
 it was at this point that Pike decided to capitalize on the bad feelings between the two men.
 the eventual prize in this new battle was the public printing contract that Woodruff still held.
 to document his charge, Pike set up two parallel columns in the < Advocate > showing the price charged by the < Gazette > and the considerably lower price for which the work could be done elsewhere.
 very angry at Woodruff, the governor used his personal influence to have the printing contract withdrawn from the < Gazette > and awarded to the lowest bidder, which, by a strange coincidence, happened to be Pike's < Advocate >.
 very soon after his arrival in Little Rock, Pike had joined one of the most influential organizations in town, the Little Rock Debating Society, and it was with this group that he made his debut as an orator, being invited to deliver the annual Fourth of July address the club sponsored every year.
 the historian Charles Francis Adams called him" a crude and half-crazy thinker".
 on the other hand, Dr& Ezra Styles recorded the following testimony of John Angell, the last disciple of Gorton:" He said Gorton was a holy man;
 Gorton replied with blasts that scandalized the congregation.
 the bills were principally for hospitalization and doctors' fees during the last years of his life, and when he died he owed in the main only current doctor's bills.
 Papa, I should emphasize, had been an invalid the last several years of his life;
 had he been able to escape this long siege of invalidism, I 'm convinced, Papa would have left a sizable estate.
 he was a big man, and he wanted nothing little, squeezed;
 the young people were self-energizing, and I was energized.
 some of these thoughts- not all of them- have taken organized form in later years.
 I found myself becoming one of that group of people who, in Carlyle's words," are forever gazing into their own navels, anxiously asking ' Am I right, am I wrong '"?
 it is most important that we recognize the law of love as being unbreakable in all personal relationships, whether individually, socially or as between whole nations of people.
 in his book < Civilization and Ethics > Albert Schweitzer faces the moral problems which arise when moral law is recognized in business life, for example.
 Schweitzer seems, in fact, to acquire for himself a burden of sin, not bequeathed by Adam, but accumulated in the inevitable judgments which life requires of him as between greater and lesser responsibilities.
 neither the engineer nor the ordinary citizen feels any self-consciousness in obeying the laws of matter and energy, nor can he achieve a sense of self-righteousness in such obedience.
 in seeking for such meaning and purpose, Albert Schweitzer seized upon the concept of the" sacredness of life".
 it is puzzling to the occidental mind ( to mine at least ) to assign" sacredness" to animal, insect, and plant life.
 there is indeed a moral responsibility on man himself, for his own soul's sake, to respect lower life and to avoid the infliction of suffering, but this viewpoint Schweitzer rejects.
 one cannot read the records of scientists, officials and travelers who have penetrated to the minds of the most savage races without realizing that each individual met with is a < person >.
 read, for instance, in Malcolm MacDonald's < Borneo People > of Segura and her wise father Tomonggong Koh, and her final adjustment to encroaching civilization.
 yet here was a depth of sensibility which is lacking in a considerable portion of the beneficiaries of our civilization.
 when the young biologist, Dr& Ballard, began to show interest in our daughter Elizabeth, this induced a corresponding interest, on our part, in him.
 the subject of immortality brings to mind a vivid incident which took place in 1929 at Montreux in Switzerland.
 dr& Johnson and William Hazlitt of the eighteenth and early nineteenth centuries in England;
 all through < The Republic, > Plato attends to the way art relates to the general life and ultimately to a good life for his citizens.
 he explains that his citizens must not be corrupted by any of the misrepresentations of the gods or heroes that one finds in much poetry, and he observes that all" these pantomimic gentlemen" will be sent to another state.
 in the ideal state, for instance, he argues that the young citizens should hear only the most carefully selected tales and stories.
 the point is that an ethical critic, with an assist from Freud, can seize on this theory to argue that tragedy provides us with a harmless outlet for our hostile urges.
 hence < changes > in attitudes and values can be analyzed for identical individuals at two points in time.
 in the university milieu of scholarship and research, of social diversity, of new ideas and varied and wide-ranging interests," socialization" into a campus culture apparently means heightened appreciation of the idea of a liberal education in the arts and sciences.
 within the fixed frame of these aspirations, they can afford to place a high value on the expressive and people-oriented aspects of occupation and to minimize the instrumental-reward values of power, prestige, and wealth.
 there is now substantial evidence from several major studies of college students that < the experience of the college years results in a certain, selective homogenization of attitudes and values >.
 to the extent that our sampling of the orientations of American college students in the years 1950 and 1952 may be representative of our culture- and still valid in 1959- < we are disposed to question the summary characterization of the current generation as silent, beat, apathetic >, or as a mass of other-directed conformists who are guided solely by social radar without benefit of inner gyroscopes.
 our data indicate that these students of today do basically accept the existing institutions of the society, and, in the face of the realities of complex and large-scale economic and political problems, make a wary and ambivalent delegation of trust to those who occupy positions of legitimized responsibility for coping with such collective concerns.
 < in a real sense they are admittedly conservative >, but their conservatism incorporates a traditionalized embodiment of the original" radicalism" of 1776.
 as they move through the college years our young men and women are" socialized" into a broadly similar culture, at the level of personal behavior.
 it exists alongside the acceptance of traditional forms of organized religion ( church, ordained personnel, ritual, dogma ).
 upon second thought we were forced to realize that we have very few reliable historical benchmarks against which we might compare the present situation, and that conclusions that present-day students are" more" or" less" religious could not be defended on the basis of our data.
 Kluckhohn recently has summarized evidence regarding changes in values during a period of years, primarily 1935-1955, but extending much farther back in some instances.
 after complimenting Morgan and the riflemen and saying he was praising them to Congress, too, the ardent Frenchman added he felt that Congress should make some financial restitution to the widow and family of Morris, but that he knew Morgan realized how long such action usually required, if it was done at all.
 besides helping to prevent the movement of the British to the west, Valley Forge also obstructed the trade between Howe's forces and the farmers, thus threatening the vital subsistence of the redcoats and rendering their foraging to obtain necessary supplies extremely hazardous.
 for by now the original cause of the quarrel, Philip's seizure of Gascony, was only one strand in the spider web of French interests that overlay all western Europe and that had been so well and closely spun that the lightest movement could set it trembling from one end to the other.
 the pope was playing a dangerous game, with so many balls in the air at once that a misstep would bring them all about his ears, and his only hope was to temporize so that he could take advantage of every change in the delicate balance of European affairs.
 Boniface had to uphold the sacredness of the feudal contract at all costs, for it was only as suzerain of Sicily and of the Patrimony of Peter that he had any justification for his Italian wars, but in the English-Scottish-French triangle it was almost impossible for him to recognize the claims of any one of the contestants without seeming to invalidate those of the other two.
 they had risen from humble beginnings by their own diligence and astuteness, they were unfettered by the codes that bound nobles like Othon or even the older generation of clerks like Hotham, and they were working for an end that their opponents had never even visualized.
 underneath all the high-sounding phrases of royal and papal letters and behind the more down-to-earth instructions to the envoys was the inescapable fact that Edward would have to desert his Flemish allies and leave them to the vengeance of their indignant suzerain, the king of France, in return for being given an equally free hand with the insubordinate Scots.
 bad relations between England and Flanders brought hard times to the shepherds scattered over the dales and downs as well as to the crowded Flemish cities, and while the English, so far, had done no more than grumble, Othon had seen what the discontent might lead to, for before he left the Low Countries the citizens of Ghent had risen in protest against the expense of supporting Edward and his troops, and the regular soldiers had found it unexpectedly difficult to put down the nasty little riot that ensued.
 he sent me for Meltzer the Butcher, whom he wanted not as a friend but as a rabbi.
 Meltzer knew why I had come for him.
 then Meltzer's voice, quiet, calm, strong, started the Kaddish, the prayer for the dead.
 I could hear Alfred's voice a few words behind Meltzer's like a counterpoint, punctuated by sobs of sorrow and resignation.
 Meltzer stayed with Alfred, and when the door opened they both came out.
 Alfred, leaning on Meltzer, stopped for a minute to look at Tessie.
 #12" WHERE IS IT WRITTEN"?# Mr& Banks was always called Banks the Butcher until he left town and the shop passed over to Meltzer the Scholar who then became automatically Meltzer the Butcher.
 Meltzer was a boarder with the Banks family.
 banks the Butcher took Meltzer the Scholar as an apprentice and he made it very clear that a man of learning must be able to do more than just quote the Commentaries of the Talmud in order to live.
 so Meltzer learned a new trade from Banks, who supplied the town and the hotels with meat.
 the daughter, Lilly, was a very good friend of mine and I always had hopes that someday she and Meltzer would find each other.
 they lived in the same house and it did n't seem to be such a hard thing to do, but the sad realities of Lilly's life and the fact that Meltzer did n't love her never satisfied my wishful thinking.
 I was free but she was bound to her duties that not even the coming of Meltzer lightened.
 the song, he said, was called" The Stream's Lullaby", and when he sang," Gute ruh, Gute ruh, Mach 't die augen zu" there was such longing and such simple sadness that it frightened me.
 and with the publication of E& T& Leeds' < Archaeology of the Anglo-Saxon Settlements > the student was presented with an organized synthesis of the archaeological data then known.
 the value of place-names in the reconstruction of early English history had long been recognized.
 place-names, in fact, had been extensively utilized for this purpose from the time of Camden onwards.
 even in the nineteenth century such accomplished philologists as Kemble and Guest were led into what now seem ludicrous errors because of their failure to recognize that modern forms of place names are not necessarily the result of logical philological development.
 they, however much they were in disagreement with the late Victorians over the method by which Britain was Germanized, agreed with them that the end result was the complete extinction of the previous Celtic population and civilization.
 we also know that the Saxon Shore as reflected in the < Notitia > was created as a part of the Theodosian reorganization of Britain ( post-A&D& 369 ).
 he concluded that selective service would not only prevent the disorganization of essential war industries but would avoid the undesirable moral effects of the British reliance on enlistment only-" where the feeling of the people was whipped into a frenzy by girls pinning white feathers on reluctant young men, orators preaching hate of the Germans, and newspapers exaggerating enemy outrages to make men enlist out of motives of revenge and retaliation".
 it was the influenza pandemic of 1918-19.
 in mid-September 1918, the influenza-pneumonia pandemic swept through every American military camp;
 during the eight-week blitz attack 25,000 soldiers died from the disease and the death rate ( formerly 5 per year per 1,000 men ) increased almost fifty times to 4 < per week > per 1,000 men.
 when the United States entered the First World War Baker made certain that the Draft Act of 1917 prohibited the sale of liquor to men in uniform and that it provided for broad zones around the camps in which prostitution was outlawed.
 the wholesome activities were to be provided by many organizations including the YMCA, the Knights of Columbus, the Jewish Welfare Board, the American Library Association, and the Playground and Recreation Association- private societies which voluntarily performed the job that was taken over almost entirely by the Special Services Division of the Army itself in World War 2,.
 he was placed in charge of athletics, and among other things adapted the type of calisthenics known as the daily dozen.
 the word" tragedy" encloses for us in a single span both the Greek and the Elizabethan example.
 it transcends the glaring fact that the Elizabethans mixed tragedy and comedy whereas the Greeks kept the two modes severely distinct.
 Greek and Elizabethan life and, to a certain extent, the life of Versailles shared this character of intense" publicity".
 in the eighteenth century there emerges for the first time the notion of a private tragedy ( or nearly for the first time, there having been a small number of Elizabethan domestic tragedies such as the famous < Arden of Feversham > ).
 I have said before how difficult it is to make any precise statements with regard to the character of the Greek and Elizabethan public.
 the poet was by definition a realist, his imaginings and parables being natural organizations of reality.
 and in these organizations certain primal notions played a radiant part, radiant both in the sense of giving light and of being a pole toward which all perspectives converge.
 a letter signed" Isabell Bardall" entreated" Good Cozen" Quiney to find her stepson Adrian, son of George Bardell, a place in London with some handicraftsman.
 unconsciously, governments or races or institutions may enter into some undertaking without fully realizing why they are doing so.
 impartiality to him meant an unwillingness to generalize and to search for a synthesis.
 Brooks Adams preferred the chronicles of Froissart or the style and theorizing of Edward Gibbon, for at least they took a stand on the issues about which they wrote.
 no page seems to be complete without the statement of at least one unproved generalization.
 he pontificates that" one of the first signs of advancing civilization is the fall in the value of women in men's eyes".
 certainly, he must recognize its power and attempt to ascertain its influence on the flow of history, but he must not confuse the natural and the mundane with the divine.
 the power of every ecclesiastical organization has always rested on the miracle, and the clergy have always proved their divine commission as did Elijah".
 despite their adherence to the < status quo >, the forces of organized religion were compelled to make adjustments as increasing civilization augmented human knowledge.
 in < The Law of Civilization and Decay > Brooks Adams traced this evolution, always pointing to the fact that although the forms became more rational, the substance remained unchanged.
 his < metier > was the American tropics, and he had lived all over Latin America and among the primitive tribes on the Amazon river.
 he had not yet undertaken the great exploit of his later years, the rediscovery of the ancient Inca highway, the route of Pizarro in Peru, but he had climbed to the original El Dorado, the Andean lake of Guatemala, and he had scaled the southern Sierra Nevada with its Tibetan-like people and looked into the emerald mines of Muzo.
 as a naturalist living for two years at the headwaters of the Amazon, he had collected specimens for Mexican museums, and he had taken to the London zoo a live quetzal, the sacred bird of the old Mayans.
 in fact, he had raised quetzal birds in his camp in the forest of Ecuador.
 we lived for a while in a movie melodrama with a German cook and her son who turned out to be Nazis.
 finally we got them out of the house, after the boy had run away four times looking for other Nazis, threatening to murder village schoolchildren and bragging that he was to be the next Fu^hrer.
 he said," Some have criticized your book as being neither literary criticism nor history.
" did you ever know a man with greater zest for information?
 his wife, Katie," as gay as a lark and as lively as a gazelle",- she was then seventy-six,- had a" a sense of humour that has been denied S&K&, but neither has any aesthetic perceptions.
 finally, colleges and clubs took the line that speakers from England were not wanted any longer, even speakers like S&K&, so unlike the novelists and poets who had patronized the Americans for many years.
 with their facile generalizations about the United States, these mediocrities, as they often were, had been great successes.
 I am really ill at the present moment, and I will go to some sort of a sanitarium to normalize myself".
 he invited Lady Sybil, Lord Thomson, Bechhofer Roberts, and a half dozen others.
 Blackman said that he wanted to apologize for not having prevented Lewis from making that horrible spectacle of himself, that he should have seized him by the neck at once and forcibly hauled him into his bedroom.
 but his greatest achievement, in his own eyes and in the eyes of his colleagues and teachers, was his amazing ability to produce literary Latin pieces, and he was often called on to do so.
 ball games, especially football, required some attention, and other organized sports may have attracted him as participant or spectator.
 < Childhood's End > - apparently indebted to Kurd Lasswitz's utopian romance, < Auf Zwei Planeten > ( 1897 ), and also to Wells's histories of the future, especially < The World Set Free > ( 1914 ) and < The Shape of Things to Come > ( 1933)- describes the bloodless conquest of earth by the Overlords, vastly superior creatures who come to our world in order to prepare the human race for its next stage of development, an eventual merging with the composite mind of the universe.
 mankind, as a result, attains previously undreamed of levels of civilization and culture, a golden age which the Overlords, a very evident symbol of science, have helped produce by introducing reason and the scientific method into human activities.
 because of the means of publication- science-fiction magazines and cheap paperbacks- and because dystopian science fiction is still appearing in quantity the full range and extent of this phenomenon can hardly be known, though one fact is evident: the science-fiction imagination has been immensely fertile in its extrapolations.
 Walter M& Miller, Jr& 's, < A Canticle for Leibowitz > ( 1959 ) finds men, after the great atomic disaster, stumbling back to their previous level of civilization and another catastrophe;
 and Robert Sheckley 's < The Status Civilization > ( 1960 ) describes a world which, frightened by the powers of destruction science has given it, becomes static and conformist.
 nevertheless, with all these qualifications and exceptions, the current dystopian phenomenon remains impressive for its criticism that science and technology, instead of bringing utopia, may well enslave, dehumanize, and even destroy men.
 while < The Space Merchants > indicates, as Kingsley Amis has correctly observed, some of the" impending consequences of the growth of industrial and commercial power" and satirizes" existing habits in the advertising profession", its warning and analysis penetrate much deeper.
 and this means, I suppose, that almost invariably age reveals itself by easily recognizable signs engraved on both the body and the mind.
 many of my friends at the time thought that I had received a well-deserved condemnation when Lincoln Steffens denounced me in a review of one of my books as a perfect example of the obsolete man who could understand and sympathize only with the dead past.
 the manuscript, presumably after being smuggled out of the country, was published in Switzerland in 1943.
 the whole purpose of < Man's Hope > is to portray the tragic dialectic between means and ends inherent in all organized political violence- and even when such violence is a necessary and legitimate self-defense of liberty, justice and human dignity.
 on the contrary, the frenzy and furor of combat is only the sombre foil against which the sudden illuminations of the human flash forth with the piercing radiance of a Caravaggio.
 much more important is to grasp the feelings of the narrator ( whose full name is never given ) as he becomes aware of the disorganized and bewildered mass of French prisoners clustered together in a temporary prison camp in and around the cathedral of Chartres.
 for the figure of Vincent Berger Malraux has obviously drawn on his studies of T& E& Lawrence ( though Berger fights on the side of the Turks instead of against them ), and like both Lawrence and Malraux himself he is a fervent admirer of Nietzsche.
 a professor at the University of Constantinople, where his first course of lectures was on Nietzsche and the" philosophy of action", Vincent Berger becomes head of the propaganda department of the German Embassy in Turkey.
 one such event is the landing in Europe itself, when the mingled familiarity and strangeness of the Occident, after the blank immensities of Asia, shocks the returning traveller into a realization of the infinite < possibilities > of human life.
 while it is hazardous to project the trend of history, it seems clear that a genuine community is painfully emerging in the Western world, particularly among the countries of Western Europe.
 in 1947 and 1948 the necessity of massive coo^rdinated efforts to achieve economic recovery led to the formation of the Organization for European Economic Coo^peration to supervise and coo^rdinate the uses of American aid under the Marshall Plan.
 the Communist coup in Czechoslovakia in 1948 was followed immediately by the conclusion of the Brussels Treaty, a 50-year alliance among Britain, France and the Benelux countries.
 it cannot become the source of a real Atlantic community if it remains organized to deal only with the military threat which first brought it into being".
 indeed it might be a more appropriate vehicle than NATO for the development of a parliamentary organ of the Atlantic nations, because it could encompass < all > of the members of the Atlantic community including those, like Sweden and Switzerland, who are unwilling to be associated with an essentially military alliance like NATO.
 what is new and compelling is that the West is now but one of several powerful civilizations, or" systems", and that one or more of the others may pose a mortal danger to the West.
 that time is now past and the Atlantic nations, if they are to survive, must develop a full-fledged community, and they must also look beyond the frontiers of" Western civilization" toward a world-wide" concert of free nations".
 a realistic balancing of the need for new forms of international organization on the one hand, and our capacity to achieve them on the other, must be approached through the concept of" community".
 I believe that these proposals, however meritorious in terms of world needs, go far beyond our capacity to realize them.
 it is possible that international organization will ultimately supplant the multi-state system, but its proper function for the immediate future is to reform and supplement that system in order to render pluralism more compatible with an interdependent world.
 our proper objective, then, is the development of a new spirit, the realization of a potential community.
 THE recent experiments in the new poetry-and-jazz movement seen by some as part of the" San Francisco Renaissance" have been as popular as they are notorious.
" it might well start a craze like swallowing goldfish or pee wee golf", wrote Kenneth Rexroth in an explanatory note in the < Evergreen Review >, and he may have been right.
 under the general heading" poetry-and-jazz" widely divergent experiments have been carried out.
 Lawrence Ferlenghetti and Bruce Lippincott have concentrated on writing a new poetry for reading with jazz that is very closely related to both the musical forms of jazz, and the vocabulary of the musician.
 Rexroth is a longtime jazz buff, a name-dropper of jazz heroes, and a student of traditional as well as modern jazz.
 in San Francisco he has worked with Brew Moore, Charlie Mingus, and other" swinging" musicians of secure reputation, thus placing himself within established jazz traditions, in addition to being a part of the San Francisco" School".
 although Patchen has given previous evidence of an interest in jazz, the musical group that he works with, the Chamber Jazz Sextet, is often ignored by jazz critics.
 ) the stated goal of the CJS is the synthesis of jazz and" serious" music.
 Patchen's musicians are outsiders in established jazz circles, and Patchen himself has remained outside the San Francisco poetry group, maintaining a self-imposed isolation, even though his conversion to poetry-and-jazz is not as extreme or as sudden as it may first appear.
 he had read his poetry with musicians as early as 1951, and his entire career has been characterized by radical experiments with the form and presentation of his poetry.
 however, his subject matter and basic themes have remained surprisingly consistent, and these, together with certain key poetic images, may be traced through all his work, including the new jazz experiments.
 in Patchen's eyes, organized churches are as odious as organized governments, and Christian symbols, having been taken over by the moneyed classes, are now agents of corruption.
 he is usually something of an underdog, he must battle the organized police force as well as recognized criminals.
 it was logical that he would come up with the figure of the modern jazz musician.
 the revolution in jazz that took place around 1949, the evolution from the" bebop" school of Dizzy Gillespie to the" cool" sound of Miles Davis and Lennie Tristano, Lee Konitz, and the whole legend of Charlie Parker, had made an impression on many academic and literary men.
 the differentiation between the East Coast and West Coast schools of jazz, the differences between the" hard bop" school of Rollins, and the" cerebral" experiments of Tristano, Konitz and Marsh, the general differences in the mores of white and negro musicians, all had become fairly well known to certain segments of the public.
 the immense amount of interest that the new jazz had for the younger generation must have impressed him, and he began working toward the merger of jazz and poetry, as he had previously attempted the union of graphic art and poetry.
 in addition to his experiments in reading poetry to jazz, Patchen is beginning to use the figure of the modern jazz musician as a myth hero in the same way he used the figure of the private detective a decade ago.
 in this respect, his approach to poetry-and-jazz is in marked contrast to Kenneth Rexroth's.
 Rexroth uses many of his early poems when he reads to jazz, including many of his Chinese and Japanese translations;
 he usually draws some kind of comparison with the jazz tradition and the poem he is reading- for instance, he draws the parallel between a poem he reads about an Oriental courtesan waiting for the man she loves, and who never comes, and the old blues chants of Ma Rainy and other Negro singers- but usually the comparison is specious.
 Rexroth may sometimes achieve an effective juxtaposition, but he rarely makes any effort to capture any jazz" feeling" in the text of his poems, relying on his very competent musicians to supply this feeling.
 Patchen does read some of his earlier works to music, but he has written an entire book of short poems which seem to be especially suited for reading with jazz.
 these new poems have only a few direct references to jazz and jazz musicians, but they show changes in Patchen's approach to his poetry, for he has tried to enter into and understand the emotional attitude of the jazz musician.
 it is difficult to draw the line between stereotype and the reality of the jazz musician.
 many of these aspects will be seen as comparable to those of the ideal detective, but where the detective is active and militant, the jazz musician is passive, almost a victim of society.
 this involves a shift in Patchen's attitude and it is a first step toward writing a new jazz poetry.
 Henry Miller characterized Patchen as a" man of anger and light".
 in his recent book, < Hurray for Anything > ( 1957 ), one of the most important short poems- and it is the title poem for one of the long jazz arrangements- is written for recital with jazz.
 he returned to New York to work for < The New Yorker, > to edit a Western pulp, to" duck the war in the OWI", to write publicity for Paramount Pictures and commentary for a newsreel, then he began his career as critic for various magazines.
 they did not fall into pseudo-glamorous jobs on pseudo-glamorous magazines, but they did whatever nasty thing they could get in order to eat;
 had Krim gone farther from New York than Chapel Hill, he might have discovered that large numbers of American Jews do not find his New York version of the Jews' lot remotely recognizable.
 he moved in a" highly intellectual" group in Greenwich Village in the late forties, becoming" internationalized" overnight.
 both magazines were" rigid with < reactionary > what-will-T& S& Eliot-or-Martin Buber-think?
 it was" the creation of a monstrous historical period wherein it thought it had to synthesize literature and politics and avant-garde art of every kind with its writers crazily trying to outdo each other in Spenglerian inclusiveness **h".
 through all this raving, Krim is performing a traditional and by now boring rite, the attack on intelligence, upon the largely successful attempt of the magazines he castigates to liberate American writing from local color and other varieties of romantic corn.
 sociological jargon, Germano-Slavic approximations to English, third-rate but modish fiction, and outrages to common sense have often disfigured < Partisan, > and in lesser degree, the other magazines on the list.
 what Krim ignores, in his contempt for history and for accuracy, is that these magazines, < Partisan > foremost, brought about a genuine revolution in the American mind from the mid-thirties to approximately 1950.
 without the good magazines, without their book reviews, their hospitality to European writers, without above all their awareness of literary standards, we might very well have had a generation of Krim's heroes- Wolfes, Farrells, Dreisers, and I might add, Sandburgs and Frosts and MacLeishes in verse- and then where would we be?
 the universities certainly were not doing it, nor were the popular magazines of the day.
 if the editors sometimes dozed and printed pretentious, New York-mind dross, they also printed Malraux, Silone, Chiaromonte, Gide, Bellow, Robert Lowell, Francis Fergusson, Mary McCarthy, Delmore Schwartz, Mailer, Elizabeth Hardwick, Eleanor Clark, and a host of other good writers.
 < partisan Review > and the other literary magazines helped to educate, in the best sense, an entire generation.
 that these magazines also deluded the Krims of the world is unfortunate but inevitable.
 it is a fact of life that magazines are edited by groups: they have to be or they would n't be published at all.
 and it is also a fact of life that there will always be youngish half-educated people around who will be dazzled by the glitter of what looks like a literary movement.
 the result was his inevitable bedazzlement through ignorance.
 but Krim's complaint is important because not only in New York, but in other cities and in universities throughout this country, young and not so young men at this moment are being bedazzled by half-digested ideas.
 on his bookshelves were some of the latest American novels, including Bellow's < Seize the Day, > but he had n't read them ( they were sent by American publishers ) and was n't especially interested in what the American writers were up to.
 he knew all about the infection and the fever, and, too, the moment of realization when he saw for himself, threw up his hands and quit, ended the war as a prisoner in Texas.
 around that statue in the green park where children play and lovers walk in twos and there is a glowing view of the whole city, in that park are the rows of marble busts of Garibaldi 's fallen men, the ones who one day rushed out of the Porta San Pancrazio and, under fire all the way, up the long, straight narrow lane to take, then lose the high ground of the Villa Doria Pamphili.
 the sculptor looked at him, bugeyed and amazed, angry.
 they went up against an SS unit of comparable size, over a little rise of ground, over an open field.
 there is a bronze wreath on the wall.
 it is remembered and has been commemorated by a bust in a park and a square in the city which was renamed Piazzo Lauro di Bosis after the war.
 she escaped, crawled through the usual mine fields, under barbed wire, was shot at, swam a river, and we finally picked her up in Linz.
 just no spot, not even a dimesize spot, on her whole body that was n't bruised, bruise on top of bruise, from beatings.
 **h Maybe I could call Rimanelli at the magazine < Rottosei > where he worked.
 it develops and analyzes the national income, balance of international payments, and many other business indicators.
 through the SBA's Management Counseling Program, practical, personalized advice on sound management principles is available upon request to both prospective and established businessmen in a community.
 these short," streamlined" meetings usually are sponsored by local banks, Chambers of Commerce, trade associations, or other civic organizations.
 this may be helpful in improving the competitive position of established firms through diversification and expansion or through more economical utilization of plant capacity.
 proposed property sales of general interest to small business concerns are publicized through SBA regional news releases, and by" flyers" directed to the small business concerns.
 _FACILITIES INVENTORY_ Section 8 ( b ) ( 2 ) of the Small Business Act, as amended, authorizes the SBA to make a complete inventory of the productive facilities of small business concerns.
 purpose of this inventory is to include all eligible productive facilities in SBA's facilities register so that the small business concerns may have an opportunity to avail themselves of the services authorized by the Congress in establishing the Small Business Administration.
 this system provides long- and short-term credit to farmers and their cooperative marketing, purchasing, and business service organizations.
 it must be recognized that countries at different stages of development have very different capabilities of meeting such conditions.
 in the more primitive areas, where the capacity to absorb and utilize external assistance is limited, some activities may be of such obvious priority that we may decide to support them before a well worked out program is available.
 it must be recognized as a slow-acting tool designed to prevent political and military crises such as those recently confronted in Laos and Cuba.
 in this hour of crisis, the wisdom, the dedication, the stabilizing force that he represents in current American government is an almost indispensable source of strength.
 it is, I insist, hard to define the RAYBURN contribution to our political civilization because it is so massive and so widespread and so complicated, and because it goes so deep.
 he is the recognized" father" of the Rural Electrification Administration and the Security and Exchange Commission.
 the automobile maintenance unit, or motor pool, came into existence in 1942 and has been responsible for centralized maintenance and management of state-owned transportation since that time.
 actual mileage allowances are itemized reimbursements allowed employees for the use of personally-owned vehicles on state business at the rate of .07@ per mile.
 fixed monthly allowances are reimbursements for the same purpose except on a non-itemized basis.
 it met these problems by the creation of the state automobile maintenance unit ( more popularly called the motor pool ), a centralized operation for the maintenance and control of all state transportation.
 it was organizationally the responsibility of the Department of Public Works and was financed on a rotary fund basis with each agency of government contributing to the pool's operation.
 the motor pool is a completely centralized and mechanized operation.
 since that time the demands of the citizens for new and expanded services have placed financial burdens on the state which could not have been foreseen in earlier years.
 these problems are not local to Rhode Island, but are recognized as common to all states.
 the Institute of Public Administration, in its report to the State Fiscal Study Commission in 1959, recommended" consolidating and centralizing all aspects of property tax administration in a single state agency professionally organized and equipped for the job".
 to summarize, it may be said that there is no one prevailing practice in Rhode Island with respect to the taxation of movable property, that assessors would like to see an improvement, and of those who have an opinion, that assessment by the town of location is preferred on the basis of their present knowledge.
 through their professional organization, the Rhode Island Tax Officials Association the question of taxing boats long has been debated and discussed.
 magazine advertising included Management Methods, the New Englander, U& S& Investor, and Plant Location.
 among foreign countries responding were Germany, Canada, Brazil and India.
 these consist of visits, without previous announcement, on top officials of manufacturing concerns located in highly industrialized areas.
 more than 25 carefully selected cities were visited, including New York, Brooklyn, Long Island City, Newark, Elizabeth, Stamford, Waterbury, New Haven, Bridgeport, Boston, Cambridge, Worcester, and Waltham.
 _INDUSTRIAL CONFERENCES_ During 1960, two important conferences were organized by the Development Council's Industrial Division.
 _MAILINGS AND PUBLICATIONS_ Other special mailings by the Industrial Division included copies of speeches delivered at the Governor's Conference, letters and brochures to conferees at Med-Chemical Symposium at University of Rhode Island and letters and reprints of industrial advertisements to such organizations as Society of Industrial Realtors.
 additional promotional activities included organizing the dedication program for Operation Turnkey, the new automated post office, and a conference with representatives of Brown University, Providence College, and University of Rhode Island, and eight electronics concerns regarding the inauguration of a training program for electronics personnel.
 _(2)_ Recognizing the truth of the statement by the Institute of Public Administration that" Metropolian Planning ( in Rhode Island ) means, or should mean, state planning", the state guide plan will take into account the metropolitan nature of many of Rhode Island's problems.
 _(5)_ On the basis that all citizens of the state are entitled to benefit equally in the development of its resources, plans for the provision of essential services ( such as water ) will be based on need regardless of arbitrary political boundaries, within the framework of the state plan.
 _2._ In sixteen states, the fiscal year ending of the cities ( June 30 ) is the same as that of the state: Alaska, Arizona, California, Delaware, Massachusetts, Montana, Nevada, New Mexico, North Carolina, North Dakota, Oklahoma, Oregon, Vermont, West Virginia, Wyoming, and Hawaii ).
 but with the growth of state and federal fiscal aid, the emphasis on equalization, and the state-local sharing of responsibility for certain important functions, this is no longer true.
 the haphazard fiscal year calendar is an obstacle to the planning of clear and efficient state-local revenue and expenditure relationships.
 but cooperation and understanding between local officials and the citizenry help lessen this problem.
 #ADJUSTING THE FISCAL CALENDARS# The advantages of a uniform fiscal year and well synchronized fiscal and tax collection calendars are sufficiently great for Rhode Island municipalities to exert effort to secure them.
 first, the present situation is too varied to be systematized by any single formula.
 what is important here is that many of the cities and towns recognize the need for improved fiscal practices and are taking the initiative to obtain them.
 it should be emphasized strongly that adjustments in fiscal dates or adoption of interim budgets < do not necessarily > mean financing over and above normal governmental requirements.
 for those communities which have financial difficulties in effecting adjustments, there are a number of alternatives any one of which alone, or in combination with others, would minimize if not even eliminate the problem.
 AND NOW, THEREFORE, DO I, JOHN A& NOTTE, JR&, GOVERNOR OF THE STATE OF RHODE ISLAND AND PROVIDENCE PLANTATIONS, PROCLAIM THE WEEK OF APRIL 29TH TO MAY 7TH, 1961, AS RHODE ISLAND HERITAGE WEEK, advising our citizens that throughout this week many historic houses and beautiful gardens will be open to visitors as well as industrial plants, craft shops, museums and libraries and I earnestly urge all to take advantage of these opportunities to see as many of these places as they can during this outstanding week.
 NOW, THEREFORE, DO I, JOHN A& NOTTE, JR&, GOVERNOR OF THE STATE OF RHODE ISLAND AND PROVIDENCE PLANTATIONS, PROCLAIM SATURDAY, MAY 20th, 1961, AS ARMED FORCES DAY, reminding our citizens that we should rededicate ourselves to our Nation, respecting the uniforms as the guardians of our precious liberty.
 AND NOW, THEREFORE, DO I, JOHN A& NOTTE, JR&, GOVERNOR OF THE STATE OF RHODE ISLAND AND PROVIDENCE PLANTATIONS, PROCLAIM MONDAY, MAY 22nd, 1961, AS NATIONAL MARITIME DAY, reminding our citizens that American Merchant ships and American seamen are ready at all times to serve our Nation in the cause of freedom and justice.
 proceeds realized from these pageants are used by the Jaycees to help support their various youth, health, welfare and community betterment activities throughout the state.
 it is extremely important for each American to realize that the theme" The United Nations is your business" applies to him personally.
 AND NOW, THEREFORE, DO I, JOHN A& NOTTE, JR&, GOVERNOR OF THE STATE OF RHODE ISLAND AND PROVIDENCE PLANTATIONS, PROCLAIM TUESDAY, OCTOBER 24TH, 1961, AS UNITED NATIONS DAY, calling upon all our citizens to engage in appropriate observances, demonstrating faith in the United Nations and thereby contributing to a better understanding of the aims of the United Nations throughout the land.
 we have only to compare the liberty and high standard of living we enjoy in this great country with the oppression and frugality of other nations to realize with humble gratitude that God's Providence has been with us since the very beginning of our country.
 and yet, accompanying our gratitude is the realization that we are living in a crucial time.
 as used in this Act, the term ' saline water ' includes sea water, brackish water, and other mineralized or chemically charged water, and the term ' United States ' extends to and includes the District of Columbia, the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, and the territories and possessions of the United States.
 _(c)_ recommend to the Congress from time to time authorization for construction and operation, or for participation in the construction and operation, of a demonstration plant for any process which he determines, on the basis of subsections ( a ) and ( b ) above, has great promise of accomplishing the purposes of this Act, such recommendation to be accompanied by a report on the size, location, and cost of the proposed plant and the engineering and economic details with respect thereto;
 _(b)_ enter into contracts with educational institutions, scientific organizations, and industrial and engineering firms;
 _(d)_ utilize the facilities of Federal scientific laboratories;
 and _(K)_ cooperate with other Federal departments and agencies, with State and local departments, agencies, and instrumentalities, and with interested persons, firms, institutions, and organizations.
 _(b)_ All research within the United States contracted for, sponsored, cosponsored, or authorized under authority of this Act, shall be provided for in such manner that all information, uses, products, processes, patents, and other developments resulting from such research developed by Government expenditure will ( with such exceptions and limitations, if any, as the Secretary may find to be necessary in the interest of national defense ) be available to the general public.
 _SEC& 8._ There are authorized to be appropriated such sums, to remain available until expended, as may be necessary, but not more than $75,000,000 in all, ( a ) to carry out the provisions of this Act during the fiscal years 1962 to 1967, inclusive;
 < be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled >, That the Secretary of the Interior is hereby authorized and directed to make or cause to be made a study covering- _(1)_ the causes of injuries and health hazards in metal and nonmetallic mines ( excluding coal and lignite mines );
 ( a)_ The Secretary of the Interior or any duly authorized representative shall be entitled to admission to, and to require reports from the operator of, any metal or nonmetallic mine which is in a State ( excluding any coal or lignite mine ), the products of which regularly enter commerce or the operations of which substantially affect commerce, for the purpose of gathering data and information necessary for the study authorized in the first section of this Act.
 < be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled >, That the Secretary of the Interior is hereby authorized and directed to establish and maintain a program of stabilization payments to small domestic producers of lead and zinc ores and concentrates in order to stabilize the mining of lead and zinc by small domestic producers on public, Indian, and other lands as provided in this Act.
 ( a)_ Subject to the limitations of this Act, the Secretary shall make stabilization payments to small domestic producers upon presentation of evidence satisfactory to him of their status as such producers and of the sale by them of newly mined ores, or concentrates produced therefrom, as provided in this Act.
 _(c)_ Such payments shall be made to small domestic producers of zinc as long as the market price for prime western zinc at East Saint Louis, Illinois, as determined by the Secretary, is below 14-1 cents per pound, and such payments shall be 55 per centum of the difference between 14-1 cents per pound and the average market price for the month in which the sale occurred as determined by the Secretary.
 the investigation of the relationship of diphosphopyridine nucleotide synthesizine enzyme to tumor growth;
 members of the Medical Illustration Service lectured and conducted demonstrations on the use of training aids to military personnel and various civilian medical organizations.
 and Emergency War Surgery in support of the North Atlantic Treaty Organization ( NATO ) Handbook.
 fifty lantern slide teaching sets on the subject of" Emergency War Surgery ( NATO )" were assembled and distributed to the Medical Military Services of foreign Governments associated with NATO and South-East Asia Treaty Organization.
 the British and Canadian Liaison Officers, as well as Office of Civil and Defense Mobilization, the American Red Cross, and similar interested organizations were informed from time to time as training aids were developed.
 the Senate Subcommittee on Reorganization and International Organizations was provided samples of visual aids on first aid and personal health produced by the Medical Illustration Service.
 the staff utilized the collected material in these registries for numerous lectures to national and international meetings, exhibits, and published studies.
 during the period, the laboratory rendered centralized macropathological service to qualified requesters.
 additionally, on the many ships at sea and in the smaller naval stations, the availability of the Journal removed the necessity of subscribing to several additional journals of civilian origin over and above the quantity now authorized, in order to provide any reasonably comparable coverage.
 the Bureau contributed to the planning and success of the Symposium through the efforts of Mr& W& A& Wildhack, General Chairman, and Dr& C& M& Herzfeld, Program Chairman.
 a wall-stabilized high-current arc source was constructed and used to study transition probabilities of atomic hydrogen and oxygen.
 the Commission is authorized and directed to mail to each claimant in proceedings before the Commission notice of the provisions of this subsection.
 any claimant whose claim is denied, or is approved for less than the full amount of such claim, shall be entitled, under such regulations as the Commission may prescribe, to a hearing before the Commission, or its duly authorized representatives, with respect to such claim.
 ( a)_ Subject to the limitations hereinafter provided, the Secretary of the Treasury is authorized and directed to pay, as prescribed by section 8 of this Title, an amount not exceeding the principal of each award, plus accrued interests on such awards as bear interest, certified pursuant to section 5 of this Title, in accordance with the award.
 all payments authorized under section 7 of this Title shall be disbursed from the proper fund, as the case may be, and all amounts covered into the Treasury to the credit of the aforesaid funds are hereby permanently appropriated for the making of the payments authorized by section 7 of this Title.
 _(b)_ The Secretary of the Treasury is authorized and directed to cover into- _(1)_ the Yugoslav Claims Fund the sum of $17,000,000 being the amount paid by the Government of the Federal People's Republic of Yugoslavia pursuant to the Yugoslav Claims Agreement of 1948;
 _(c)_ The Secretary of the Treasury is authorized and directed out of the sums covered into any of the funds pursuant to subsection ( b ) of this section, and after making the deduction provided for in section 7 ( b ) of this Title- _(1)_ to make payments in full of the principal of awards of $1,000 or less, certified pursuant to section 5 of this Title;
 _(d)_ The Secretary of the Treasury, upon the concurrence of the Secretary of State, is authorized and directed, out of the sum covered into the Yugoslav Claims Fund pursuant to subsection ( b ) of this section, after completing the payments of such funds pursuant to subsection ( c ) of this section, to make payment of the balance of any sum remaining in such fund to the Government of the Federal People's Republic of Yugoslavia to the extent required under article 1 ( c ) of the Yugoslav Claims Agreement of 1948.
 _SEC& 9._ There is hereby authorized to be appropriated, out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, such sums as may be necessary to enable the Commission to carry out its functions under this Title.
 the causes of the decline of the commuter railroads are many and complex- high taxes, losses of revenue to Government subsidized highway and air carriers, to name but two.
 Arthur Hays Sulzberger has been a distinguished publisher of this distinguished newspaper and it is fitting that we take due notice of his major contribution to American journalism on the occasion of his retirement.
 I am pleased to note that Mr& Sulzberger will continue to serve as chairman of the board of the New York Times.
 mr& Sulzberger's successor as publisher is Mr& Orvil E& Dryfoos, who is president of the New York Times Co&, and who has been with the Times since 1942.
 mr& Oakes succeeds Charles Merz, editor since 1938, who now becomes editor emeritus.
 I should like at this time, Mr& Speaker, to pay warm tribute to Arthur Hays Sulzberger and Charles Merz on the occasion of their retirement from distinguished careers in American journalism.
 Russian tanks and planes in Cuba jeopardize the security of the United States, violate the Monroe Doctrine, and threaten the security of every other Latin American republic.
 primary target would be shipments of tanks, guns, aviation gasoline and ammunition coming from Russia and Czechoslovakia.
 shipments of arms from Western countries could similarly be seized as contraband.
 recognizing the limitations of such a program, the 78th Congress in 1943 passed P& L& 113, which broadened the concept of rehabilitation to include the provision of physical restoration services to remove or reduce disabilities, and which revised the financing structure.
 these amendments to the Vocational Rehabilitation Act were designed to help provide for more specialized rehabilitation facilities, for more sheltered and" half-way" workshops, for greater numbers of adequately trained personnel, for more comprehensive services to individuals ( particularly to the homebound and the blind ), and for other administrative improvements to increase the program's overall effectiveness.
 throughout these years, the statutory authorization was for such sums as were necessary to carry out the provisions of the Act.
 the following table shows, for selected years, the authorizations, appropriations, allotment base, Federal grants to States and State matching funds for this part of the grant program: #METHOD OF DISTRIBUTING FUNDS# _DESCRIPTION OF FORMULA._ In order to assist the States in maintaining basic vocational rehabilitation services, Section 2 of the amended Act provides that allotments to States for support of such services be based on ( 1 ) need, as measured by a State's population, and ( 2 ) fiscal capacity, as measured by its per capita income.
 these blocks are sold in various sizes so it seldom is necessary to cut a block to fit.
 the National Lumber Manufacturers Association, Washington, D& C&, is developing plans to utilize specially treated lumber for underground shelter construction.
 if there is time after the warning, the basement shielding could be improved substantially by blocking windows with bricks, dirt, books, magazines, or other heavy material.
 a former du Pont official became a General Motors vice president and set about maximizing du Pont's share of the General Motors market.
 the latter provisions proscribe any contract, combination, or conspiracy in restraint of interstate or foreign trade, and monopolization of, or attempts, combinations, or conspiracies to monopolize, such trade.
 thus, a finding of conspiracy to restrain trade or attempt to monopolize was excluded from the Court's decision.
 we have concluded that petitioner's claims are controlled by the rationale of < gonzales > v& < United States >, 348 U&S& 407 ( 1955 ), and < United States > v& < Nugent >, 346 U&S& 1 ( 1953 ), and therefore affirm the judgment.
 we found in < Gonzales > v& < United States, supra >, that this was the controlling reason why copies of the recommendation should be furnished a registrant.
 as was said in < Gonzales >," it is the Appeal Board which renders the selective service determination considered ' final ' in the courts, not to be overturned unless there is no basis in fact.
 < Gonzales > v& < United States, supra >.
 unless we keep our eyes on the horizon ahead, we shall fail to bring ourselves on target with the present.
 we want to make sure that our junior colleagues realize that ideas are welcome, that initiative goes right down to the bottom and goes all the way to the top.
 dozens of seemingly small matters go wrong all over the world.
 the senior policy officer may be moved to think hard about a problem by any of an infinite variety of stimuli: an idea in his own head, the suggestions of a colleague, a question from the Secretary or the President, a proposal by another department, a communication from a foreign government or an American ambassador abroad, the filing of an item for the agenda of the United Nations or of any other of dozens of international bodies, a news item read at the breakfast table, a question to the President or the Secretary at a news conference, a speech by a Senator or Congressman, an article in a periodical, a resolution from a national organization, a request for assistance from some private American interests abroad, et cetera, ad infinitum.
 mr& Truman emphasized this point by saying," You fellows in the Department of State do n't know much about domestic politics".
 if we sit here reading editorials and looking at public-opinion polls and other reports that cross our desks, we should realize that this is raw, undigested opinion expressed in the absence of leadership.
 perhaps existing Public Health Service, State Department and Armed Services medical facilities can be utilized.
 pending the reorganization of our foreign aid structure and program, the Peace Corps should be established as an agency in the Department of State.
 when the aid operations are reorganized the Peace Corps should remain a semi-autonomous, functional unit.
 we should hope that peace corps projects will be truly international and that our citizens will find themselves working alongside citizens of the host country and also volunteers from other lands.
 specifically, Congress should consider authorizing the Peace Corps to receive contributions from American businesses, unions, civic organizations and the public at large.
 the extent to which participating bodies such as U& S& voluntary agencies, universities, international organizations, and the host country or institutions in the host country can and should share the cost of the Peace Corps programs must be fully explored.
 #TO THE CONGRESS OF THE UNITED STATES:# I recommend to the Congress the establishment of a permanent Peace Corps- < a pool of trained American men and women sent overseas by the U&S& Government or through private organizations and institutions to help foreign countries meet their urgent needs for skilled manpower >.
 the temporary Peace Corps will be a source of information and experience to aid us in formulating more effective plans for a permanent organization.
 one of the greatest obstacles to the achievement of this goal is the lack of trained men and women with the skill to teach the young and assist in the operation of development projects- men and women with the capacity to cope with the demands of swiftly evolving economics, and with the dedication to put that capacity to work in the villages, the mountains, the towns and the factories of dozens of struggling nations.
 to meet this urgent need for skilled manpower we are proposing the establishment of a Peace Corps- an organization which will recruit and train American volunteers, sending them abroad to work with the people of other nations.
 this organization will differ from existing assistance programs in that its members will supplement technical advisers by offering the specific skills needed by developing nations if they are to put technical advice to work.
 _5._ Improve 7,000 miles of fishing streams and 56,000 acres of lakes by stabilizing banks, planting streamside cover, and constructing channel improvements.
 #PROTECTION# The total adverse impact of disease, insects, fire, weather, destructive animals, and other forces on the uses and values of forest resources is not generally recognized.
 meeting these levels of protection from fire calls for: _1._ Expansion, modernization, and development of fire control to a proficiency and strength of force which will prevent as many fires as possible and suppress fires before they spread beyond permitted standards.
 _3._ Reduction of hazardous fuel conditions to minimize the chances of large fires developing and spreading to high-value areas.
 this work will cover the most serious one-fourth of all land needing such treatment, and will consist of burning 250,000 acres of highly hazardous debris concentration, felling snags on 350,000 acres of high lightning-occurrence areas, prescribed burning on 3.5 million acres, removing roadside fuel on 39,000 acres, and clearing and maintaining 11,000 miles of firebreaks.
 the ultimate trail system will be of value primarily for recreation and wildlife utilization and fire protection.
 the presence or lack of access by road or trail has a direct and controlling influence on all phases of forest management and utilization such as: _(a)_ the protection of forage, timber, and wildlife resources from fire, insects, and disease;
 _(e)_ the protection of watershed lands from erosion and overgrazing by animals.
 service at these levels of production and utilization will eventually require the construction of about 379,900 miles of new roads and 6,000 miles of new trails, along with the reconstruction to higher standards of about 105,000 miles of roads and 10,500 miles of trails.
 the long-range objective is to bring about consolidation of ownership through use of land exchange authority and through purchase on a moderate scale of inholdings which comprise key tracts for recognized National Forest programs such as recreation development, or which are a source of damage to lands in National Forests and National Grasslands.
 if the reserve components are to serve effectively in time of war, their basic organization and objectives must conform to the changing character and missions of the active forces.
 I strongly recommend to the Congress the avoidance of mandatory floors on the size of the reserve components so that we may have the flexibility to make adjustments in keeping with military necessity.
 also, the program for fleet modernization will be stepped up in 1961 causing an increase in expenditures.
 this section prevents the military departments and the Office of Civil and Defense Mobilization from carrying out certain transactions involving real property unless they come into agreement with the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives.
 legislation has already been proposed to authorize the sale of these Government-owned systems in Alaska, and its early enactment is desirable.
 the size and scope of other important programs have been reduced from earlier plans.
 purchase authorizations will include provisions relating to the sale and delivery of commodities, including the classes, types and varieties of food grain, the time and circumstances of deposit of the rupees accruing from such sale, and other relevant matters.
 _3._ The United States recognizes the desire of India to accumulate, as quickly as possible, a substantial part of the one million ton reserve stock of rice provided for in this Agreement to assist in stabilizing the internal markets for this commodity in India.
 _4._ The two Governments agree that the issuance of purchase authorizations for wheat and rice providing for purchase after June 30, 1961, shall be dependent upon the determination by the United States Government that these commodities are in surplus supply and available under Title 1, of the Act at that time.
 in the event that agreement is not reached on the use of the rupees for grant or loan purposes within six years from the date of this Agreement, the Government of the United States of America may use the local currency for any purposes authorized by Section 104 of the Act.
 #ARTICLE 3, DEPOSIT OF RUPEES# The deposit of rupees to the account of the Government of the United States of America in payment for the commodities and for ocean transportation costs financed by the Government of the United States of America ( except excess costs resulting from the requirement that United States flag vessels be used ) shall be made at the rate of exchange for United States dollars generally applicable to import transactions ( excluding imports granted a preferential rate ) in effect on the dates of dollar disbursement by United States banks, or by the Government of the United States of America, as provided in the purchase authorizations.
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the respective representatives, duly authorized for the purpose, have signed the present Agreement.
 the Government of the United States of America may utilize rupees in India to pay for goods and services, including international transportation needed in connection with market development and other agricultural projects and activities in India and other countries.
 it is understood that: _(a)_ Such loans under Section 104 ( e ) of the Act will be made to United States business firms and branches, subsidiaries, or affiliates of such firms in India for business development and trade expansion in India and to United States firms and to Indian firms for the establishment of facilities for aiding in the utilization, distribution, or otherwise increasing the consumption of and markets for United States agricultural products.
 in the event the rupees set aside for loans under Section 104 ( e ) of the Act are not advanced within six years from the date of this Agreement because the Export-Import Bank of Washington has not approved loans or because proposed loans have not been mutually agreeable to the Export-Import Bank of Washington and the Department of Economic Affairs of the Government of India, the Government of the United States of America may use the rupees for any purpose authorized by Section 104 of the Act.
 _2._ With respect to Article 2,, paragraphs 1 ( b ) and 1 ( c ): uses of Section 104 ( e ) and Section 104( g ) rupees: the Government of India will use the amount of rupees granted or loaned to it by the United States pursuant to paragraphs 1( b ) and 1( c ) for projects to promote economic development with emphasis upon the agricultural sector including food reserve storage structures and facilities as may from time to time be agreed upon by the authorized representatives of the United States and the authorized representatives of the Government of India, in the following sectors: _a._ Agriculture.
 _b._ Industry, including the production of fertilizer, irrigation and power, transport and communications, and credit institutions.
 the Government of India shall enable the authorized representatives of the United States to observe and review agreed projects and the utilization of goods and services financed under the projects, and shall furnish to the United States all such information as it shall reasonably request concerning the above-mentioned matters and the expenditures related thereto.
 this is a phenomenon familiar to all radio listeners, resulting from reflection of skywave signals at night from the ionized layer in the upper atmosphere known as the ionosphere.
 _5._ It was recognized years ago that the transition from daytime to nighttime propagation conditions, and vice versa, is not an instantaneous process, but takes place over periods of time from roughly 2 hours before sunset until about 2 hours after sunset, and again from roughly 2 hours before sunrise until some 2 hours after sunrise.
 it was recognized that skywave signals, because of their reflected nature, are of great variability and subject to wide fluctuations in strength.
 since broadcast frequencies are very limited in number, these objectives are to some extent inconsistent in that not all of them can be fully realized, and to the extent that each is realized, there is a corresponding reduction of the possibilities for fullest achievement of the others.
 accordingly, the Commission has recognized that an optimum allocation pattern for one frequency does not necessarily represent the best pattern for other frequencies, and has assigned different frequencies for use by different classes of stations.
 but nighttime operation by stations of other classes of course entails skywave interference to groundwave service, interference which is substantial unless steps are taken to minimize it.
 if you elect to use the Standard Deduction or the Tax Table, and later find you should have itemized your deductions, you may do so by filing an amended return within the time prescribed for filing a claim for refund.
 the same is true if you have itemized your deductions and later decide you should have used the Standard Deduction or Tax Table.
 { nonresident aliens living in Canada or Mexico } who earn wages in the United States may be subject to withholding of tax on their wages, the same as if they were citizens of the United States.
 _EXTENSIONS WHILE ABROAD._ Citizens of the United States who, on April 15, are not in the United States or Puerto Rico, are allowed an extension of time until June 15 for filing the return for the preceding calendar year.
 they may be claimed only by itemizing them on page 2 of Form 1040.
 Shakespeare speaking with" the indescribable gusto of the Elizabethan voice"- Keats's words- in the days of the Spanish Armada's threats;
 and his genius moved his readers to seek solutions of those evils for all Western men- until today-, in the industrialized West, these social evils substantially do not exist.
 the gulf between the" rich" and the" poor" has narrowed, in the industrialized Western world, to the point that the word" poor" is hardly applicable.
 Sir Henry Sumner Maine, a hundred years before Communism was a force to be reckoned with, wrote his brilliant legal generalization, that" the progress of society is from status to contract".
 as the story goes, Mr& Gibbs, who originally came from the back counties of the Commonwealth of Virginia, saw an illustration in a magazine of the famous Howe sewing machine.
 when he showed this model as his" solution" as to how the Howe sewing machine operated, he was told he was" wrong", and discovered to his amazement that the Howe Machine, which was unknown to him in detail, used two threads while the one that he had perfected used only one.
 during the Civil War period Mr& Brown also invented the Brown + Sharpe formed tooth gear cutter, a basic invention which ultimately revolutionized the world's gear manufacturing industry by changing its basic economics.
 following Mr& Brown's death, there came forward in the Brown + Sharpe organization many other men who contributed greatly to the development of the company.
 as head of the firm Darling + Swartz, Mr& Darling began by challenging Brown + Sharpe to its keenest competition during the 1850's and early 60's.
 layout and equipment were modernized and improved to obtain increased production on an efficient basis.
 the area available at Heywood is approximately three times the size of the former Rochdale and Manchester locations.
 in addition, land has been purchased to permit doubling the size of the plant in the future.
 it will be transfered on completion to The Industrial Foundation of Rhode Island, a non-profit organization, which will reimburse us for the cost of construction.
 #MUSICAL ACTIVITIES# THE COLLEGE was one of the first to recognize the importance of music not only as a definite part of the curriculum but as a vital adjunct to campus life.
 all students are invited to participate in any of the musical organizations for which they qualify.
 in addition to the many appearances of these organizations throughout the college year, there are concerts by students of the music department, by members of the music faculty, and by visiting artists.
 student musical organizations are the Knights of Carleton and the Overtones ( men's vocal groups ), and the Keynotes ( a women 's singing group ).
 these student-directed organizations include eight to ten members each;
 ATTENDANCE is required at the College Service of Worship < or > at the Sunday Evening Program < or > at any regularly organized service of public worship.
 the Y&M&C&A& and Y&W&C&A& at Carleton are connected with the corresponding national organizations and carry out their general purposes.
 there are other organizations representing several of the denominational groups.
 included are the following: Baptist Student Movement, Canterbury Club ( Episcopal ), Christian Science Organization, Friends' Meeting for Worship, Hillel ( Jewish ), Liberal Religious Fellowship, Lutheran Student Association, Newman Club ( Roman Catholic ), Presbyterian Student Fellowship, United Student Fellowship ( Congregational-Baptist ), and Wesley Fellowship ( Methodist ).
 student religious organizations are co-ordinated under the Religious Activities Committee, a standing committee of the Carleton Student Association.
 dramatic activity at the College is organized and carried on by The Carleton Players, which is to say by all students who are so inclined to advance these aims.
 a student organization, Bottega, is open to any student interested in increasing his understanding and appreciation of the graphic and ceramic arts in their historical, technical, and productive contexts.
 the physical education program for men recognizes the value of participation in competitive sports in the development of the individual student and aims to give every man an opportunity to enter some form of athletic competition, either intercollegiate or intramural.
 _SOCCER CLUB._ The Soccer Club was organized by undergraduate men interested in playing soccer and promoting the sport.
 _WOMEN 'S RECREATION ASSOCIATION._ This Association, organized in 1920, is affiliated with the Athletic Federation of College Women.
 the purpose of the organization is to further the interest of women students in recreational activities as a means of promoting physical efficiency, sportsmanship, and" play for play's sake".
 active groups sponsored by the organization include the Saddle Club, Orchesis, Golf Club, Tennis Club, and Dolphins.
 under the auspices of the Women's Recreation Association, interclass competition is organized in badminton, basketball, field hockey, golf, tennis, and swimming.
 in co-operation with the Alumni Association of Carleton College, an alumni magazine, < The Voice of the Carleton Alumni, > is edited and mailed seven times a year by the College's Publications Office and the Alumni Office. at intervals an alumni directory is issued.
 these publications may be secured as follows: the annual < Catalog > from the Director of Admissions and other issues from the Publications Office. in January, 1960, the first issue of < The Carleton Miscellany, > a quarterly literary magazine, was published by the College.
 the magazine, edited by members of the Carleton Department of English, includes contributions by authors from both within and beyond the Carleton community.
 < the Algol > serves as a record of campus organizations and student activities during the year.
 < manuscript, > a quarterly literary magazine, is published by the students of the College.
 it is the purpose of this magazine to serve as an outlet for student creative writing.
 the shift in sentiment from excessive optimism early in the year to the present mood of caution has probably been a good thing, in that it has prevented the accumulation of the burdensome inventories that have characterized many previous swings in the business cycle.
 separate phonographs also had a good year, reflecting the growing popularity of stereo sound and the same tendency on the part of the consumer to upgrade that characterized the radio- TV market.
 it has been correctly pointed out by well-informed people in the industry that it is probably unrealistic to expect a continuation of the yearly growth of 15% or better that characterized the decade of the 1950's, and that our military markets may be entering upon a new phase in which procurement of multiple weapons systems will give way to concentration of still undeveloped areas of our defense capability.
 for the near term, however, it must be realized that the industrial and commercial market is somewhat more sensitive to general business conditions than is the military market, and for this reason I would expect that any gain in 1961 may be somewhat smaller than those of recent years;
 mr& Devey is a graduate of the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, and attended the United States Naval Academy Post-Graduate School specializing in electronic engineering.
 by minimizing the number of committees.
 or shall we permit early specialization in scientific and technological subjects?
 it should sternly appraise curricula, faculty, organization, buildings, faculty work loads, and potential for growth in stature and size.
 in the relatively short time since these early observations, Venus has been observed at additional wave lengths in the range from 0.8 to 10.2 cm, and Jupiter has been observed over the wave-length range from 3.03 to 68 cm. the observable characteristics of planetary radio radiation are the intensity, the polarization, and the direction of arrival of the waves.
 measurements of polarization are presently limited by apparatus sensitivity and will remain difficult because of the low intensity of the planetary radiation at the earth.
 there have been few measurements specifically for the determination of the polarization of planetary radiation.
 the measurements made with the NRL 50-foot reflector, which is altitude-azimuth-mounted, would have shown a systematic change with local hour angle in the measured intensities of Venus and Jupiter if a substantial part of the radiation had been linearly polarized.
 recent interferometer measurements ( Radhakrishnan and Roberts, 1960 ) have shown the 960- Mc emission of Jupiter to be partially polarized and to originate in a region of larger diameter than the visible disk.
 therefore, neglecting the extreme outbursts, reflected solar radiation is not expected to cause sizable errors in the measurements of planetary radiation in the centimeter- and decimeter-wave-length range.
 THE MOON# _2.1 OBSERVATIONS_ Radio observations of the moon have been made over the range of wave lengths from 4.3 mm to 75 cm, and the results are summarized in Table 1.
 the graphite was National Carbon NC 60, which has a porosity of 50% and an average pore size of 30 This small pore size was required to ensure uniformity of the flow leaving the anode.
 this region which had a higher temperature than the rest of the anode surface changed size and location continuously.
 the size of this hot region was estimated by eye.
 such an instrument would be useful for the characterization of many commercial materials as well as theoretical studies.
 although the **f calculation is obvious by analogy with that for gravitational field and osmotic pressure, it is interesting to confirm it by a method which can be generalized to include related effects.
 the minimum total potential energy is found by taking the derivative with respect to < H > and equating to zero.
 the general theory of resonance shifts is used to derive a general expression for the second moment **f of a polycrystalline paramagnetic sample and is specialized to **f.
 the x-ray data did not permit Douglass to determine uniquely the space group, but a negative test for piezoelectricity led him to assume a center of symmetry.
 position ( 2 ) appears to us to be unlikely in view of the absence of a piezoelectric effect and on general chemical structural grounds.
 a randomization of" ups" and" downs" is more likely than ordered" ups" and" downs" in position ( 3 ) since the hydrogen atoms are well separated and so the position of one could hardly affect the position of another, and also since ordered" up" and" down" implies a larger unit cell, for which no evidence exists.
 the x-ray data are consistent with particle sizes of 1000 A or greater.
 the spectrometer was adjusted to minimize the amount of dispersion mode mixed in with the absorption signal.
 field shifts were derived from the mean value of the resonance line, defined as the field about which the first moment is zero.
 polyphosphates gave renewed life to soap products at a time when surfactants were a threat though expensive, and these same polyphosphates spelled the decline of soap usage when the synergism between polyphosphates and synthetic detergent actives was recognized and exploited.
 these widely advertised products, which are used primarily for washing clothes, are based on high-sudsing, synthetic organic actives ( sodium alkylbenzenesulfonates ) and contain up to 50% by weight of sodium tripolyphosphate or a mixture of sodium tripolyphosphate and tetrasodium pyrophosphate.
 a well-publicized entrant which has achieved success only recently is the built liquid detergent, with which the major problem today is incorporation of builder and active into a small volume using a sufficiently high builder ratio.
 in contrast, a metal coupon **f in size would have a magnitude from 100,000 to a million less.
 spring used a Brush surface-analyzer in a metal-cleaning study and showed considerable differences in soil removal, depending upon surface roughness.
 in addition, the polyphosphates are also used, probably acting more as peptizing agents than anything else.
 the importance of the inorganic constituents in hard-surface cleaning has been emphasized in a number of papers.
 physicochemical investigations of anionic surfactants, including the soaps, have shown that there is little polymerization or agglomeration of the chain anions below a certain region of concentration called the critical micelle concentration.
 ( 2 ) In the critical micelle region, there is a rapid agglomeration or polymerization to give the micelles, which have a degree of polymerization averaging around 60-80.
 ( 3 ) For anionics, these micelles appear to be roughly spherical assemblages in which the hydrocarbon tails come together so that the polar groups ( the ionized ends ) face outward towards the aqueous continuous phase.
 related to micelle formation is the technologically important ability of detergent actives to congregate at oil-water interfaces in such a manner that the polar ( or ionized ) end of the molecule is directed towards the aqueous phase and the hydrocarbon chain towards the oily phase.
 thus, for aqueous media, we can think of the idealized organic active as an oleophilic or hydrophobic surface-active agent, and of an idealized builder as a oleophobic or hydrophilic surface-active agent.
 purified inactive chlorine was then added from one of the tubes described above and the mixture frozen out and sealed off in a flask equipped with a break seal.
 the desired amounts of inactive chlorine and radioactive chlorine were likewise condensed in these cells on the vacuum line following which they were frozen down and the manifold as a whole was sealed off.
 the contents of the manifold for liquid phase experiments were then mixed by shaking, redistributed to the reaction tubes, frozen down, and each tube was then sealed off.
 the reactants for the gas phase experiments were first frozen out in a side-arm attached to the manifold and then allowed to distil slowly into the manifold of pre-cooled reaction cells before sealing off.
 the photochemical reaction cells consisted of 10 mm& i&d& Pyrex tubing, 5.5 cm& long, diffraction effects being minimized by the fact that the light passed through only liquid-glass interfaces and not gas-glass interfaces.
 these cells were used rather than square Pyrex tubing because of the tendency of the latter to shatter when thawing frozen carbon tetrachloride.
 #RESULTS# _THE THERMAL REACTION._- In studying the liquid phase thermal reaction, some 70 tubes from 12 different manifold fillings were prepared and analyzed.
 the radial velocity varies inversely as the particle size- a 1000- |m-diameter particle near the orbit of Mars would reach the sun in about 60 million years.
 Whipple ( 1955 ) extends the effects to include the solar-corpuscular-radiation pressure, which increases both the minimum particle size and the drag.
 further, the corpuscular radiation, < i&e& >, the solar-wind protons, must sputter away the surface atoms of the dust and cause a slow diminution in size, with a resultant increase in both the Poynting-Robertson effect and the ratio of the repulsive force to the gravitational force.
 in addition, the size distribution obtained from visual and radar observations of meteors may be extrapolated to the micrometeorite domain.
 from the brightness of the F component of the solar corona and the brightness of the zodiacal light, an estimate of the particle sizes, concentrations, and spatial distribution can be derived for regions of space near the ecliptic plane.
 the direct evidence on the micrometeorite environment near the Earth is obtained from piezoelectric sensors ( essentially microphones ) and from wire gages;
 and for the next nine days, the impact rate was less than **f ( Nazarova, 1960 ).
 the data have not yet been analyzed for diurnal variations.
 the calibration of piezoelectric sensors in terms of the particle parameters is very uncertain.
 however, one must expect that vaporization and ejection of material by hypervelocity impacts would cause a deviation from a linear relationship.
 however, the conversion from mass to size is unreliable, since many photographic meteors give evidence of a fluffy, loosely bound meteorite structure with densities as low as **f.
 zodiacal light and the < gegenschein > give some evidence for such a dust blanket, a phenomenon also to be expected if the dust before capture is in circular orbits about the sun, as indicated by the trend of the smaller visible meteors.
 from an estimated mass of 25 g for a zero-magnitude meteorite, the other masses are derived with the assumption of a mass decrease by a factor of 2.512 for each unit increase in magnitude.
 for example, Jacchia ( 1948 ) derived a scale of 0.15 g for a **f, zero-magnitude meteorite.
 the solar-electromagnetic- and corpuscular-radiation pressure and the associated Poynting-Robertson effect increase in effectiveness as the particle size decreases and modify the distribution and limit sizes to larger than a few microns.
 the intranasal instillation of a fluid suspension of infectious agent in an anesthetized animal is far different from exposure, through natural respiration, to aerosolized organisms.
 the importance of particle size in such aerosols has been thoroughly demonstrated.
 very small particles, however, in a size range of 1 to 4 microns in diameter are capable of passing these impinging barriers and entering the alveolar bed of the lungs.
 the relationship between particle size and infectious dose is illustrated in Table 1.
 in considering BW defense, it must be recognized that a number of critical meterological parameters must be met for an aerosol to exhibit optimum effect.
 zinc cadmium sulfide in particles of 2 microns in size were disseminated.
 an aqueous suspension of the spores of < B& subtilis, var& niger >, generally known as < Bacillus globigii >, was aerosolized using commercially available nozzles.
 a satisfactory cloud was produced even though these nozzles were only about 5 per cent efficient in producing an initial cloud in the size range of 1 to 5 microns.
 in this test, 130 gallons of a suspension, having a count of **f organisms per ml, or a total of approximately **f spores, was aerosolized.
 the spraying operation was conducted from the rear deck of a small Naval vessel, cruising two miles off-shore and vertical to an on-sure breeze.
 a rough attempt was made to characterize the vertical profile of the cloud by taking samples from outside the windows on the first, ninth, and fifteenth floors of a Government office building.
 some agents have been shown to be much more toxic or infectious to experimental animals when exposed to aerosols of optimum particle size than by the natural portal.
 a solid immunity is the one effective circumstance whereby attack by a specific agent can be neutralized.
 let us assume that it would be possible for an enemy to create an aerosol of the causative agent of epidemic typhus ( < Rickettsia prowazwki > ) over City A and that a large number of cases of typhus fever resulted therefrom.
 three of the anti- Rh sera used were taken from recently sensitized individuals.
 in addition one serum was obtained from a donor ( R& E& ) who had been sensitized 6 years previously.
 these antibody titers were determined by reaction with homozygous **f red cells.
 homozygous and heterozygous **f cells, **f and homozygous and heterozygous **f cells were used to test each sample;
 however, in the interest of clarity and conciseness only the results obtained with homozygous **f and homozygous **f cells will be presented here.
 the red cells for the Rh antibody tests were used within 3 days after drawing except for the **f cells, which had been glycerolized and stored at -20' C for approximately 1 year.
 these cells were thawed at 37' C for 30 min and were deglycerolized by alternately centrifuging and mixing with descending concentrations of glycerol solutions ( 20, 18, 10, 8, 4 and 2% ).
 the serum was measured volumetrically and subsequently dialyzed in the cold for at least 24 hr against three to four changes, approximately 750 ml each, of" starting buffer".
 at the end of the run, the strips in the third and sixth positions in each chamber were dried, stained for 1 hr, washed and dried, while the other strips were maintained in a horizontal position at 1' C. the unstained strips were then marked, using the stained ones as a guide, and cut transversely so as to separate the various protein bands.
 _ULTRACENTRIFUGATION._ Fractions from the column which were to be subjected to analytical ultracentrifugation were concentrated by negative pressure dialysis and dialyzed for 16 hr in the cold against at least 500 volumes of phosphate-buffered saline, pH 7.2, ionic strength 0.154.
 a sample of Fraction **f from group O plasma was dissolved in starting buffer, dialyzed against this buffer and subjected to chromatography using the gradient shown in Fig& 2.
 it is a happy, buzzing crowd.
 by scrutinizing the flowers, one can also notice that the scale bears one or two tiny warts.
 there must be several dozen species in the United States alone.
 simultaneously, males or drones are produced, mostly from the unfertilized eggs of workers, although a few may be produced by the queen.
 the young queens and drones leave the nest and mate, and after a short period of freedom, the fertilized young queens will begin to dig in for the winter.
 it is an amazing fact that in some species this will happen while the summer is still in full swing, for instance, in August.
 at the old nest, the queen will in the early fall cease to lay the fertilized eggs that will produce females.
 female individuals of < Psithyrus > look deceptively like the workers and queens of the bumblebees they victimize.
 the hosts never seem to recognize that something is amiss, so that the compartment afterward is sealed normally.
 almost equal in size to a honeybee.
 after having mated, an < Andrena > female digs a hole straight down into the ground, forming a burrow about the size of a lead pencil.
 it is possible to make a few generalizations about the six giants themselves.
 for four of the six ( the anaconda and the amethystine python cannot be included for lack of data ) there is also a correlation between size at maturity and maximum length, the boa constrictor being the smallest and the Indian python the next in size at the former stage.
 let us speculate a little on the maximum size of the anaconda.
 another approach is to estimate from the rate of growth and the smallest size at maturity.
 the following information on snakes varying greatly in size ( but all with less than a 10-foot maximum ) shows, when considered with the foregoing, that there is probably no correlation between the length of a snake and the time required for it to mature.
 Klauber investigated the rattlesnakes carefully himself and also summarized what others have found.
 #MAXIMUM LENGTH# Oversized monsters are never brought home either alive or preserved, and field measurements are obviously open to doubt because of the universal tendency to exaggerate dimensions.
 #GROWTH OF THE SIX GIANTS# Discussions of the giants one by one will include, as far as possible, data on these aspects of growth: size at which life is started and at which sexual maturity is reached;
 _ANACONDA:_ At birth, this species varies considerably in size.
 a difference between subspecies might explain the great range in size.
 Hans Schweizer had one that increased from 19-1 inches to 5 feet 3 inches in five years, and J& J& Quelch records a growth of from less than 4 feet to nearly 10 in about six years.
 in 1948, Afranio do Amaral, the noted Brazilian herpetologist, wrote a technical paper on the giant snakes.
 in snakes difference in size is a common characteristic of subspecies.
 Alphonse R& Hoge's measurements of several very young specimens from Brazil suggest that at birth the female is slightly larger than the male.
 I have surprisingly little information on the size and age at maturity.
 the results are too varied to allow generalization.
 it is characterized by the presence of incompletely developed secondary lobules;
 well defined, but haphazardly arranged, interlobular septa and a thick, remarkably vascular pleura ( fig& 9 ).
 in addition, it would be difficult to imagine chronic generalized emphysema occurring in a cow, considering its marked lobular development but, conversely, not difficult to imagine this occurring in the horse or the dog.
 in 1951, this was reaffirmed by Cudkowicz.
 apparently, however, Miller has relied heavily on the anatomy in dogs and cats, and he has been criticized for using pathologic human material in his normal study ( Loosli, ' 38 ).
 if this be true, the possibility exists that an occlusive lesion of the bronchial arteries might cause widespread degeneration of supportive tissue similar to that seen in generalized emphysema.
 in criticism of the latter's views, his conclusions were based upon dog lung injection studies in which all of the vascular channels were first filled with a solution under pressure and then were injected with various sized colored particles designed to stop at the arteriolar level.
 in addition, a detailed interspecies survey of the incidence of generalized pulmonary emphysema in mammals would be interesting and pertinent.
 to summarize the purpose of the Skeletal Maturity Chart: each contains two kinds of skeletal maturity norms which show two quite different methods of depicting developmental level of growth centers.
 the lower portion utilizes the full complement of intermediate maturity indicators of each Hand center as well as their Onset and Completion.
 such an indicator, or indicators, are needed as means of recognizing specific periods of delay in skeletal developmental progress.
 we have attempted to simplify the extensive task of analyzing onset ages and completion ages of each child- more than 1700 values for the entire group- by constructing figures for each of the 21 centers so that the data for all 34 boys and 34 of the girls will appear together for each growth center.
 figures 5 and 6 are examples of our method of analyzing the results for each growth center.
 after the 42 figures had been drawn like Figures 5 and 6, classifications of the onset ages and completion ages were summarized from them.
 the mechanism of this coupling has been studied in some detail with non-enzymatic systems in vitro and can be simulated by certain di-iodotyrosine analogues ( Pitt-Rivers and James, 1958 ).
 there is so far no evidence to indicate conclusively that this coupling is under enzymatic control.
 similar findings have been noted in a patient with congenital absence of the organification enzymes, whose thyroid tissue could only concentrate iodide.
 besides proteolytic enzymes the thyroid possesses de-iodinating enzymes.
 this de-iodinating enzyme is effective against mono- and di-iodotyrosine, but does not de-iodinate thyroxine or tri-iodothyronine.
 the most conclusively identified is L-5-vinyl-2-thio-oxazolidone, which was isolated from rutabaga ( Greer, 1950 ).
 Stanbury, Brownell, Riggs, Perinetti, Itoiz, and Del Castillo, 1954 ).
 #INTRODUCTION# Muscle weakness is now recognized as an uncommon though serious complication of steroid therapy, with most of the synthetic adrenal corticosteroids in clinical use.
 therapy included digitalization and anticoagulation.
 later, chlorothiazide and salt restriction became necessary to control the edema of chronic congestive failure.
 in september, 1958, the patient developed generalized weakness and fatigue which was concurrent with exacerbation of his anemia;
 chlorothiazide was omitted for a 2-week period, but there was no change in the muscle weakness.
 X-ray films of the vertebral column showed progression of the demineralization.
 throughout, there were marked arteriolosclerosis and hyalinization of afferent glomerular arterioles.
 microscopic studies of the gastrocnemius, pectoralis major, transversus abdominis, biceps brachii, and diaphragm showed atrophy as well as varying degrees of injury ranging from swelling and vacuolization to focal necrosis of the muscle fibers.
 such swollen fibers were deeply eosinophilic, contained a few pyknotic nuclei, and showed loss of cross-striations, obliteration of myofibrils, and prominent vacuolization.
 these were increased both in number and in size, contained prominent nucleoli, and were distributed throughout the fiber ( Figs& 2-5 ).
 the precipitate was washed twice with an 80% saturated solution of **f, dissolved in a small quantity of 0.1 < M > neutral phosphate buffer, dialyzed against cold distilled water till free from ammonium ions, and lyophilized using liquid nitrogen.
 root and stem tumors from sweet clover plants infected with WTV were quick-frozen in liquid nitrogen, embedded in ice, and cut at 3-6 |m in a cryostat maintained at -16' to -20'.
 as controls, other sections were similarly treated with **f or conjugated antiserum to the New York strain of potato yellow-dwarf virus ( Wolcyrz and Black, 1956 ).
 _DISTRIBUTION OF VIRUS ANTIGEN_ Results of specific staining by the direct and the indirect methods were similar and showed the localization of WTV antigen in certain tissues of tumors.
 the concentration and apparent localization of the WTV antigen in pseudophloem tissue of the tumor may indicate that the virus preferentially multiplies in the phloem and may need to be directly placed in this tissue in order to infect plants.
 the former comprise analeptic and psychoactive drugs, the latter the tranquilizers.
 specific differences exist in the action of different drugs belonging to the same group as, for instance, between reserpine and chlorpromazine.
 synchrony prevails in the EEG of the experimental animal after administration of tranquilizers, but asynchrony after application of analeptic and psychoactive drugs.
 in other studies, loss of differentiation in previously established conditioned reflexes resulted from repeated convulsive ( metrazol ) treatments, suggesting a fundamental disturbance in the balance between excitatory and inhibitory cerebral processes.
 ( 3 ) in a state of depression, the positive conditioned stimulus may fail to elicit a conditioned reaction but cause an increased synchrony instead of the excitatory desynchronizing ( alerting ) effect on the EEG.
 since strong nociceptive stimuli produce an experimental neurosis during which the animals fail to eat in the experimental situation, Wolpe thought that he could utilize the feeding-pain antagonism to inhibit the neurotic symptoms through feeding.
 CONCLUDING REMARKS# In our attempt to interpret the emotions in their physiological and pathological range, we emphasized the importance of the degree of activity of the parasympathetic and sympathetic divisions of the hypothalamic system and their influence on the inhibitory and excitatory systems, respectively.
 thus < T > is not diagonalizable.
 the diagonalizable operator is the special case of this in which **f for each < i >.
 the projection **f will be the identity on **f and zero on the other **f.
 we shall find a polynomial **f such that **f is the identity on **f and is zero on the other **f, and so that **f, etc&.
 by Theorem 10, < D > is a diagonalizable operator which we shall call the { diagonalizable part } of < T >.
 then there is a diagonalizable operator > D < on > V < and a nilpotent operator > N < on > V < such that > ( a ) **f, ( b ) **f.
 < the diagonalizable operator > D < and the nilpotent operator > N < are uniquely determined by > ( a ) < and > ( b ) < and each of them is a polynomial in > T. _PROOF._ We have just observed that we can write **f where < D > is diagonalizable and < N > is nilpotent, and where < D > and < N > not only commute but are polynomials in < T >.
 now suppose that we also have **f where < D' > is diagonalizable, < N' > is nilpotent, and **f.
 since < D > and < D' > are both diagonalizable and they commute, they are simultaneously diagonalizable, and **f is diagonalizable.
 ) now **f is a diagonalizable operator which is also nilpotent.
 such an operator is obviously the zero operator;
 but then since the operator is diagonalizable, the minimal polynomial cannot have a repeated root;
 then every linear operator > T < on > V < can be written as the sum of a diagonalizable operator > D < and a nilpotent operator > N < which commute.
 since **f are linearly independent functions and the exponential function has no zeros, these < r > functions **f, form a basis for the space of solutions.
 we now generalize these ideas for general binomial experiments.
 _EXPERIMENT WHERE P IS NOT CONSTANT._ During a round of target practice the sun comes from behind a cloud and dazzles the marksman, lowering his chance of a bull' s-eye.
 each person votes for one of a pair of pictures to receive a popular prize.
 the latter theorem has been generalized by Yamabe and Yujobo, and Cairns to show that in **f there are families of such cubes.
 on < C >, from the point < P > at **f to the point < Q > at **f, we construct the chord, and upon the chord as a side erect a square in such a way that as < s > approaches zero the square is inside < C >.
 as < s > approaches < T > the square will be outside < C > and therefore both **f and **f must cross < C > an odd number of times as < s > varies from zero to < T >.
 as < s > varies from zero to < T >, the values of < s > for which **f and **f < cross > < C > will be denoted by **f and **f respectively.
 no generalization of these results to spaces of more than three dimensions has so far been found possible.
 as the historic processes of modernization gradually gain momentum, their cohesion will be threatened by divisive forces, the gaps between rulers and subjects, town and country, will widen;
 at the same time, we should recognize that the obstacles to change and the lack of cohesion and stability which characterize these countries may make them particularly prone to diversions and external adventures of all sorts.
 #TRANSITIONAL SOCIETIES# When we look at countries like Iran, Iraq, Pakistan, and Burma, where substantial progress has been made in creating a minimum supply of modern men and of social overhead capital, and where institutions of centralized government exist, we find a second category of countries with a different set of problems and hence different priorities for policy.
 the men in power are committed in principle to modernization, but economic and social changes are proceeding only erratically.
 the society is likely to be characterized by having a fairly modernized urban sector and a relatively untouched rural sector, with very poor communications between the two.
 progress is impeded by psychological inhibitions to effective action among those in power and by a failure on their part to understand how local resources, human and material, can be mobilized to achieve the national goals of modernization already symbolically accepted.
 the colonial period has generally left people believing that government can, if it wishes, provide all manner of services for them- and that with independence free men do not have to work to realize the benefits of modern life.
 American policy should press constantly the view that until these governments demand efficiency and effectiveness of their bureaucracies there is not the slightest hope that they will either modernize of democratize their societies.
 only within the framework of a mature relationship characterized by honest appraisals of performance can we provide telling assistance.
 if modernization programs are imposed from above, without the understanding and cooperation of the people, they will encounter grave difficulties.
 it should be American policy not only to encourage effective land reform programs but also to underline the relation of such reforms to the economic growth and modernization of the society.
 it should also be recognized that the problem of rural tenancy cannot be solved by administrative decrees alone.
 #ACTIVELY MODERNIZING SOCIETIES# At a third stage in the modernization process are such countries as India, Brazil, the Philippines, and Taiwan, which are ready and committed to move into the stage of self-sustaining growth.
 and there persists the dual problem of maintaining operational unity around a national program of modernization while simultaneously decentralizing participation in the program to wider and wider groups.
 on the economic front, the first priority of these countries is to mobilize a vastly increased volume of resources.
 finally, a balance must be effected among project finance, utilization of agricultural surpluses, and general balance of payments support.
 nevertheless, impulses still exist among the ruling elite to rationalize and thus to perpetuate the need for centralized and authoritarian practices.
 #THE TIME FACTOR# We have emphasized that the modernizing process in each society will take a considerable period of time.
 it follows that any effective policy toward the underdeveloped countries must have a realistically long working horizon.
 as a complex it fits into the whole social organization and functions dominantly in every part of it.
 although the inner functions of religion are not of direct significance in social organization, they have important indirect consequences.
 religion can summate, epitomize, relate, and conserve all the highest ideals and values- ethical, aesthetic, and religious- of man formed in his culture.
 religion at its best is out in front, ever beckoning and leading on, and, as Lippman put it," mobilizing all man 's scattered energies in one triumphant sense of his own infinite importance".
 even the non-church members- the freewheelers, marginal religionists and so on- have the values of Christian civilization internalized in them.
 in general, there is no society so secularized as to be completely without religiously inspired transcendental ends.
 the credo unifies and socializes men by attaching them completely to an identical body of doctrine;
 these are ways of jointly participating in significantly symbolized, standardized, and ordered religiously sanctified behavior.
 the unifying effect of religion is also brought out in the fact that historically peoples have clung together as more or less cohesive cultural units, with religion as the dominant bond, even though spatially dispersed and not politically organized.
 religion usually exercises a stabilizing-conserving function.
 at the same time that religion exercises a conserving influence, it also energizes and motivates both individuals and groups.
 the great ultimate ends of religion have served as magnificent beacon lights that lured people toward them with an almost irresistible force, mobilizing energies and inducing sacrifices;
 on the anniversary of her father's death she poured out with agonized tears her feelings of guilt about not having attended his funeral.
 here there is a specific preventive component which applies in a more generalized sense to any casework situation.
 finally, whatever the techniques used, a twin goal is common to all preventive casework service: to cushion or reduce the force of the stress impact while at the same time to encourage and support family members to mobilize and use their ego capacities.
 we should first recognize our tendency to develop a hierarchy of values, locating brief treatment at the bottom and long-term intensive service at the top, instead of seeing the services as part of a continuum, each important in its own right.
 similarities to the approach which I have described are evident in the prompt establishment of a helping relationship, quick appraisal of key issues, and the immediate mobilization of treatment plans as the essential dynamics in helping to further the ego 's coping efforts in dealing with the interplay of inner and outer stresses.
 Woodward, for example, has emphasized the" need for a broad spectrum of services, including very brief services in connection with critical situations".
 the preferential mating of this particular population has been analyzed in a separate study.
 again, size of the group may have some influence on the strength of group controls.
 it is hypothesized that fertility is a function of the social system when the population as a whole is considered and a function of the subsystems when the two-fold division of core families and marginal families is considered.
 to maintain their intermediate position in the larger society, it is not only necessary that members of this population be" visible", but that their numbers be great enough to be recognized as a separate, distinct grouping or system in society.
 socialization 5.
 institutionalization Though undoubtedly all six processes are operative within the whole social system and its subsystems, two processes that are of crucial importance to this study will be singled out for particular emphasis: _COMMUNICATION:_ In discussing the process of communication, Loomis defines it as" the process by which information, decisions, and directives are transmitted among actors and the ways in which knowledge, opinions, and attitudes are formed, or modified by interaction".
 although the Brandywine population is still predominantly rural," there are indications of a consistent and a statistically significant trend away from the older and relatively isolated rural communities **h urbanization appears to be an important factor in the disintegration of this group.
 confused and divided though this tradition may be, it is an important part of the social and cultural heritage of the group, and acts as a means of socialization, particularly for members of the rural community.
 _BOUNDARY MAINTENANCE:_" Culturally induced social cohesion resulting from common norms and values internalized by members of the group" is operative in the boundary maintenance of the group as well as in the process of socialization.
 the whole system was again reviewed and reorganized in 1933.
 the district officials, along with their other duties, were obliged to organize special demographic inquiries in selected areas and to supervise the annual tabulations of demographic statistics.
 the sampling program was instituted before the principles of probability sampling were widely recognized in population studies.
 here again it seems that useful approximations of the size and geographical distribution of the population were obtained in this way in the late pre-war and early post-war periods.
 the results are now being analyzed.
 statistics have been recognized as a matter of strategic importance in the Congo and in Ruanda-Urundi during the post-war years in connection with long-term economic and social programs.
 the AIMO organizations of both countries, which maintain administrative services throughout the territories, retained immediate responsibility for the collection and publication of demographic information.
 the radical nature of the innovation in the Congo was not emphasized in the official announcements.
 this action was rationalized on the basis of a small survey which indicated that a high percentage of married freshmen women on our campus never become sophomores.
 a steering committee of students was organized on the first day whose duty it was to be alert and constantly evaluate and re-evaluate the direction and < pace > the class was taking.
 the writer, being cognizant through his interviews of the reactions of previous married students, did insist on there being included some" hind sight" material.
 these students, although they might read various articles in popular magazines, more often chose to report on articles found in the journals.
 this added a personal zest to class discussions and participation.
 this was probably much more meaningful because all the women in the class emphasized it time and again.
 some predictions had been made concerning factors R, N, I and Co on these inventories which appeared to be directly related to control and security aspects of personality functioning which were hypothesized as being of importance in differential Kohnstamm reactivity.
 autosuggestibility, the reaction of the subject in such a way as to conform to his own expectations of the outcome ( i&e&, that the arm-rise is a reaction to the pressure exerted in the voluntary contraction, because of his knowledge that" to every reaction there is an equal and opposite reaction" ) also seems inadequate as an explanation for the following reasons: ( 1 ) the subjects' apparently genuine experience of surprise when their arms rose, and ( 2 ) manifestations of the phenomenon despite anticipations of something else happening ( e&g&, of becoming dizzy and maybe falling, an expectation spontaneously volunteered by one of the subjects ).
 this subject, who has been undergoing psychoanalytic psychotherapy for five years, did not give a positive Kohnstamm reaction under any of the four standardized conditions used in this experiment while sober.
 the structured schools were in an industrial city, with three-family tenement houses typical of the residential areas, but with one rather sizable section of middle-class homes.
 administrative restrictions necessitated the smaller sample size in the structured schools.
 the rating scale of compulsivity was constructed by first perusing the interview records, categorizing all evidence related to compulsivity, then arranging a distribution of such information apart from the case records.
 children scoring high in compulsivity were those who gave evidence of tension or emotionality in situations where there was lack of organization or conformity to standards and expectations, or who made exaggerated efforts to achieve these goals.
 the two ratings yield a correlation of + .04, which is not significantly different from zero;
 we speculate that compulsives in the unstructured schools are under greater strain because of the lack of systemization in their school setting, but that their need to organize ( for comfort ) is so intense that they struggle to induce the phonic rules and achieve in spite of the lack of direction from the environment.
 our conjecture is, then, that regardless of the manner in which school lessons are taught, the compulsive child accentuates those elements of each lesson that aid him in systematizing his work.
 the child with high anxiety may first direct his anxiety-released energy toward achievement, but because his distress severely reduces the abilities of discrimination and memorization of complex symbols, the child may fail in his initial attempts to master the problem.
 as shown earlier, the highly anxious individual may be superior in his memorizing of simple elements.
 for example: a sales presentation can be analyzed and evaluated through roleplaying.
 he seemed to antagonize everyone.
 entirely concerned with efficiency, he was merciless in criticizing people who made mistakes, condemning them to too great an extent.
 he was criticized for his curtness and abruptness- and he answered:" I am not working to become popular".
 on being criticized for his arbitrary behavior- he answered:" I have to make decisions.
 to prevent the manager from deliberately controlling himself only during the sessions, they were rather lengthy ( about twenty minutes ), the situations were imperfectly described to the manager so that he would not know what to expect, new antagonists were brought on the scene unexpectedly, and the antagonists were instructed to deliberately behave in such ways as to upset the manager and get him to operate in a manner for which he had been previously criticized.
 _SUMMARY_ In life we learn to play our roles and we" freeze" into patterns which become so habitual that we are not really aware of what we do.
 in addition, the basic approach utilized in applying roleplaying will be reviewed.
 then I realized that she had been deliberately showing me, this time, what Granny was like;
 I realized, now, that she had been showing me, in what impressed me as being a very accurate way, something her mother had once said to her;
 earlier, this woman had been so filled with a chaotic variety of introjects that at times, when she was in her room alone, it would sound to a passerby as though there were several different persons in the room, as she would vocalize in various kinds of voice.
 eventually it became clear to me, partly with the aid of another schizophrenic patient who could point out my condescension to me somewhat more directly, that this man, with his condescending," You 're welcome", was very accurately personifying an element of obnoxious condescension which had been present in my own demeanor, over these months, on each of these occasions when I had bid him good-bye with the consoling note, each time, that the healing Christ would be stooping to dispense this succor to the poor suffered again on the morrow.
 it is no coincidence that the hebephrenic patient, the most severely dedifferentiated of all schizophrenic patients, shows, as one of his characteristic symptoms, laughter- laughter which now makes one feel scorned or hated, which now makes one feel like weeping, or which now gives one a glimpse of the bleak and empty expanse of man's despair;
 in working with these patients the therapist eventually gets to do some at least private mulling over of the possible meaning of a belch, or the passage of flatus, not only because he is reduced to this for lack of anything else to analyze, but also because he learns that even these animal-like sounds constitute forms of communication in which, from time to time, quite different things are being said, long before the patient can become sufficiently aware of these, as distinct feelings and concepts, to say them in words.
 as I have been intimating, in the schizophrenic- and perhaps also in the dreams of the neurotic;
 Freeman, Cameron and McGhie, in their description of the disturbances of thinking found in chronic schizophrenic patients, say, in regard to condensation, that" **h the lack of adequate discrimination between the self and the environment, and the objects contained therein **h in itself is the prototypical condensation".
 in my experience, a great many of the patient 's more puzzling verbal communications are so for the reason that concrete meanings have not become differentiated from figurative meanings in his subjective experience.
 recently, for example, a paranoid woman's large-scale philosophizing, in the session, about the intrusive curiosity which has become, in her opinion, a deplorable characteristic of mid-twentieth-century human culture, developed itself, before the end of the session, into a suspicion that I was surreptitiously peeking at her partially exposed breast, as indeed I was.
 Burnham, in his excellent article ( 1955 ) concerning schizophrenic communication, includes mention of similar clinical material.
 a borderline schizophrenic young man told me that to him the various theoretical concepts about which he had been expounding, in a most articulate fashion, during session after session with me, were like great cubes of almost tangibly solid matter up in the air above him;
 the many linguistic techniques for reducing the amount of dictionary information that have been proposed all organize the dictionary's contents around prefixes, stems, suffixes, etc&.
 a significant reduction in the voume of store information is thus realized, especially for a highly inflected language such as Russian.
 for English the reduction in size is less striking.
 this approach requires that: ( 1 ) each text word be separated into smaller elements to establish a correspondence between the occurrence and dictionary entries, and ( 2 ) the information retrieved from several entries in the dictionary be synthesized into a description of the particular word.
 the dictionary system is in no way dependent upon such summarization or designed around it.
 when irregularity and variation prevent summarizing, information is written in complete detail.
 entries are summarized only when by doing so the amount of information retained in the dictionary is reduced and the time required for dictionary operations is decreased.
 in the written language < then > can be underlined or italicized to guide the reader here, but much of the time the written language simply depends on the reader's alertness, and a careless reader will have to back up and reread.
 neither can be adequately systematized until we are able to separate the two and assign the observed phenomena individually to one or the other.
 there we see a basically simple phonemic system enmeshed in a very complex and puzzling morphophonemic system.
 the difficulty of analysis of any subsystem in the phonology is an inverse function of the size- smaller systems are more troublesome- for any given degree of morphophonemic complexity.
 this hypothesis will account for a large part of the difficulties of tonal analysis, as well as the fact that vowel systems are often more puzzling than consonantal systems.
 Swadesh, and therefore Hoijer, felt compelled to omit all terms denoting species or even genera ( < fox, vulture, salmon, yellow pine, manzanita > );
 their classes of animal and plant terms are restricted to generalizations or recurrent parts ( < fish, bird, tree, grass, horn, tail, bark, root > ).
 the groups are therefore really non-comparable in content as well as in size.
 when now we count the frequency of the 71 items in the two language families appearing in the same column or grade, or one column or grade apart, or two or three or four, we find these differences: **f This distribution can be summarized by averaging the distance in grades apart: **f;
 he has announced results on Hokan, Penutian, Uto-Aztecan, and almost all other American families and phyla, and has diagrammed their degree of interrelation;
 but there is also a firm aspect to lexicostatistics: the aspect of learning the internal organization of obvious natural genetic groups of languages as well as their more remote and elusive external links;
 of acquiring evidential knowledge of what happened in Athabascan, in Yokuts, in Uto-Aztecan in the last few thousand years as well as forecasting what more anciently may have happened between them.
 an attempted middle course might lead to devices like a 5000-word alphabetized dictionary from which every fiftieth word was selected.
 it was nevertheless almost incredible that four years after Yalta there should be a complete split over Germany, with hot heads on both sides planning to use the Germans against their former allies, and with Nazi-minded Germans expecting to recover their power by fighting on one side or the other.
 the West was now glad to propose the 1919 Curzon Line, which was substantially Russia 's 1941 border, as the boundary between Russia and Poland.
 he stood up to emphasize his strong feeling on the subject.
 the White Russians and the Ukrainians would say that Stalin and Molotov were far less reliable defenders of Russia than Curzon and Clemenceau.
 yet after long and earnest discussion Stalin accepted the Curzon Line and even agreed voluntarily that there should be digressions from that line of five to eight kilometers in favor of Poland in some regions.
 the result was an agreement that the Lublin Government should be" reorganized on a broader democratic basis with the inclusion of democratic leaders from Poland itself and from the Poles abroad", and pledged to hold" free and unfettered elections as soon as possible on the basis of universal suffrage and secret ballot".
 all" democratic and anti-Nazi parties" were to have the right to campaign.
 LIBERATED EUROPE# In even greater degree the same rule applied to the remainder of Eastern Europe, where the upper classes had generally collaborated with the Nazis, even to the extent of sending millions of their peasants into Russia as a part of Hitler's armies.
 later it developed that the Soviets had a very different interpretation of democracy, which will be discussed later, and their judgment never told them that the Big Three should unite in establishing democratic conditions, as we understand them, within their zone of influence.
 Professor McNeill thinks that at Yalta, Stalin did not fully realize the dilemma which faced him, that he thought the exclusion of the anti-Soviet voters from East European elections would not be greatly resented by his allies, while neither Roosevelt nor Churchill frankly faced" the fact that, in Poland at least, genuinely free democratic elections would return governments unfriendly to Russia", by any definition of international friendliness.
 Yalta left us with comforting illusions of a Western capitalist-democratic political economy reigning supreme up to the Curzon line and the borders of Bessarabia >".
 the same editorial continued that" We expected to democratize Japan and Korea and to see a new China pattern itself easily on our institutions.
 we expected, in short, that most of the world would make itself over in our image and that it would be relatively simple, from such a position, to deal with the localized aberrations of the Soviet Union".
 then China promptly went Communist, and Mr& Truman had to fight the interminable Korean war for the democratization of Korea before we learned how far our writ did" reach in Asia".
 yet, in summarizing a series of careful essays on the Yalta Conference, Forrest Pogue could find no basis for Yalta becoming" a symbol for betrayal and a shibboleth for the opponents of Roosevelt and international cooperation".
 preparation began slightly more than a year after independence with the first steps to organize rural communes.
 until the Charter of Liberties was issued in the fall of 1958, there were no guarantees of the right to assemble or to organize for political purposes.
 the day following his intervention the palace issued a statement reassuring the citizens that" **h the possibility of introducing appeals concerning the establishment of electoral lists, lists of candidates and finally the holding of the consultation itself **h" would be supported by the King himself.
 to minimize the chances of repeating the Balafrej debacle the Ibrahim government was formed < a titre personnel > and a special office was created in the Ministry of the Interior to plan and to conduct the elections.
 in the absence of a reservoir of political consensus each organized political group hopes that the elections will give them new prominence, but in a system where there is as yet no place for the less prominent.
 the choice of the single member district was dictated to a certain extent by problems of communication and understanding in the more remote areas of the country, but it also served to minimize the national political value of the elections.
 with multiple member districts the still fragmentary local party organizations could have operated more effectively and parties might have been encouraged to state their positions more clearly.
 since a national interpretation cannot be avoided it is unfortunate that the elections were not held in a way to maximize party responsibility and the educational effect of mass political participation.
 the general setting of the Moroccan election may also encourage the deterioration of local party organization.
 the U&N&F&P& learned that its urban organization, which depends heavily on U&M&T& support, was most effective.
 the < sine qua non > of the elections was naturally an impartial and standardized procedure.
 the police were disqualified along with certain categories of naturalized citizens, criminals and those punished for Protectorate activities.
 the George-Barden Act of 1946 raised the previous increases in annual authorizations to $29 million in addition to the $7 million under the Smith Act.
 annual authorizations of $15 million were added for area vocational education programs that meet national defense needs for highly skilled technicians.
 during World War 2, about 7.5 million persons were enrolled in courses organized under two special programs administered by state and local school authorities: ( 1 ) Vocational Education for National Defense, and ( 2 ) War Production Training.
 these schools are intended to provide the facilities and specialized curriculum that would not be possible for very small school districts.
 the opportunity exists for states to reserve some of their vocational education funds to apply on an < ad hoc > flexible basis to subsidize any local preemployment training programs that my be quickly set up in a community to aid a new industrial plant.
 instead of being limited to the poor training facilities in remote areas, the student would be able to move to large institutions of concentrated specialized training.
 such specialized training institutions could be located near the most rapidly growing industries, where the equipment and job experience exist and where the future employment opportunities are located.
 and then the application of the count rules to the width ( horizontally ) of the configuration give us an intial estimate of the probable depth of the decline.
 and along Chicago's West Jackson Boulevard, La Salle Street, and around the Merchandise Mart Plaza there sit men who chart crop reports, who divide the number of reported lady-bugs by the number of reported green-bugs, and the number of hogs by the amount of corn.
 but whereas civilized men no longer pursue the fountain, they never abandoned their pursuit of the enchanting index.
 they initiate campaigns, so to speak, even if this initiation is diffused among them, and their concerted action only psychologically organized.
 mr& John Magee, whose work has been discussed in this chapter, was quoted in a New Yorker magazine profile as saying-" **h Of course, you have to remember it 's a good thing for us chartists that there are n't more of us.
 what with traders trading for so many different objectives, and what with there being so many unique and individualized market theories and trading techniques in use, and more coming into use all the time, it is hard to imagine how any particular theory or technique could acquire enough" fans" to invalidate itself.
 it is difficult to see any powerful sources of strength on the horizon at this time which would give the economy a new upward thrust.
 it seems likely, moreover, that with an increase in the rate of saving in mortgage lending institutions, interest rates on residential mortgages may move somewhat lower through the spring of next year, although the increased ease in residential mortgage lending may occur primarily in other terms than interest rate, e&g&, easier downpayment and amortization terms.
 I am confident that it will, but consumer spending in the Sixties will not be fortified by the great backlog of wants and desires which characterized most of the Fifties.
 the purpose of this paper is to analyze one possible force which has not been treated in the literature, but which we believe makes a significant contribution to explaining the wage-price behavior of a few very important industries.
 the model of this paper considers an industry which is not characterized by vigorous price competition, but which is so basic that its wage-price policies are held in check by continuous critical public scrutiny.
 where the industry's product price has been kept below the" profit-maximizing" and" entry-limiting" prices due to fears of public reaction, the profit seeking producers have an interest in offering little real resistance to wage demands.
 because of its importance, and because the lack of price competition is well recognized, the industry is under considerable public pressure not to raise its price any more than could be justified by cost increases.
 for the industry of this model, the effect of such public pressures in the past has been to hold the price well below the short-run profit-maximizing price ( given the wage rate and the level of GNP ), and even below the entry-limited price ( but not below average cost ).
 since marginal costs rise when the wage rate rises, the profit-maximizing price also rises when the public-limit price is elevated, and is likely to remain well above the latter.
 the extent to which the public-limit price is raised by a given increase in the basic wage rate is itself a function of three things: the passage of time, the level of GNP, and the size of the wage increase.
 INDUSTRY COSTS_ We assume that average total unit cost in the relevant region of operation is constant with respect to quantity produced ( the average cost curve is horizontal, and therefore is identical with the marginal cost curve ), and is the same for every firm ( and therefore for the industry ).
 we assume further that the union recognizes the possibility that price-level increases may offset wage-rate increases, and it does not entirely disregard the effect of price increases arising from its own wage increases upon the" real" wage rate.
 in this model, then, the industry is presumed to realize that they could successfully resist a change in the basic wage rate, but since such a change is the only effective means to raising prices they may, in circumstances to be spelled out in Part 2, below, find it to their advantage to allow the wage rise.
 the Congress of Vienna is a convenient starting point because it both epitomized and symbolized what was to follow.
 essentially this imposed two conditions: first, international law had to recognize and be compatible with an international political system in which a number of states were competitive, suspicious, and opportunistic in their political alignments with one another;
 in both respects, international law was Europeanized.
 a nation such as Switzerland could be neutralized by agreement and could be relied upon to protect its neutrality;
 more doubtful, but possible, ( with an assist from the North ) was the neutralization of the Latin American countries;
 out of the question was the neutralization of Asia and Africa.
 this Europeanization of the law was made explicit by a number of 19th century scholars.
 more emphasis was put upon the fact that international law was the law of" civilized nations";
 Wheaton stated that the public law was essentially" limited to the civilized and Christian peoples of Europe or to those of European origin".
 now, with virtually every writer, not only was the European origin of public law acknowledged as a historical phenomenon, but the rules thus established by the advanced civilizations of Europe were to be imposed on others.
 hall, for example, was quite explicit on this point when he said" states outside European civilization must formally enter into the circle of law-governed countries.
 the law of nature governed sovereigns in their relationship to their own citizens, to foreigners, and to each other in a conceptually unified system.
 it reached its ultimate philosophical statement in notions of" state will" put forward by the Germans, especially by Hegel, although political philosophers will recognize its origins in the rejected doctrines of Hobbes.
 a state, the highest form of human organization in fact and theory, could be subjected to Law only by a manifestation of self-will, or consent.
 the efforts of various interest groups to control or influence governmental decisions, particularly when taken in conjunction with the impact of industralization, led to a concentration of attention on the legislative power and the means whereby policy could be formulated and enforced as law through bureaucratic institutions.
 in municipal systems we tend to view what is called positivism as fundamentally a movement to democratize policy by increasing the power of parliament- the elected representatives- at the expense of the more conservative judiciary.
 when the power of the latter was made both limited and explicit- when norms were clarified and made more precise and the creation of new norms was placed exclusively in parliamentary hands- two purposes were served: government was made subservient to an institutionalized popular will, and law became a rational system for implementing that will, for serving conscious goals, for embodying the" public policy".
 but even laissez-faire was a conscious policy.
 it was merely a rationalization and ordering of new institutions of popular government.
 it merely wished to minimize subjective views of officials who wielded public authority.
 particularly was this true as laissez-faire capitalism became the dominant credo of Western society.
 business organization- the corporation- was analyzed in contractual terms;
 in fact, some- Anzilotti is the principle example- went so far as to say that all international law could be traced to the single legal norm, < Pacta sunt Servanda >.
 one result was to nationalize much that had been regarded as the law of nations.
 if this seems arbitrary, its effect was to treat citizens of the District of Columbia equally with citizens of the states- at the expense of expanding a troublesome jurisdiction.
 then in 1875, apparently in response to the nationalizing influence of the Civil War, Congress first gave the lower federal courts general authority- concurrently with state tribunals- to decide cases involving federal-right questions.
 an amendment, presumably designed to deal with the problems of newly freed slaves, became a" laissez-faire" limitation upon state economic policy.
 an alternative was found in the vagueness of state law as to whether the offending order had in fact been authorized.
 by these measures, Congress, so the Court [ in effect ] now decides, gave not only needless but inadequate relief, since it now appears that the federal courts have inherent power to sterilize the Act of 1875 against all proceedings challenging local regulation".
 the Taft-Hartley Act gave the federal courts jurisdiction over" suits for violation of contracts between an employer and a labor organization representing employees in an industry affecting commerce".
 the < Lincoln Mills > decision authorizes a whole new body of federal" common law" which, as Mr& Justice Frankfurter pointed out in dissent, leads to one of the following" incongruities":" ( 1 ) conflict in federal and state court interpretations of collective bargaining agreements;
 does < Lincoln Mills > suggest that if Congress granted jurisdiction over interstate divorce cases, the federal courts would be authorized to fashion a national law for the dissolution of marriages?
 the same rule of specialization and division of labor guides him in the FELA < certiorari > cases, in the administrative law area, and indeed in the whole realm of judicial review.
 the first is that enforcement of national law in state litigation raises in reverse the old diversity puzzle of the relation of procedure to substance.
 mr& Justice Black led a reversing majority:" strict local rules of pleading cannot be used to impose unnecessary burdens upon rights of recovery authorized by federal law".
 but the form in which the claim must be stated need not be different from what the State exacts in the enforcement of like obligations created by it, so long as a requirement does not add to, or diminish, the right as defined by Federal law, nor burden the realization of this right in the actualities of litigation".
 how else can one explain, for example, allowing the survival of the right to amortize bond discount and premium ( section 381(c)(9 ) ), but not the right to amortize bond issue expenses;
 or allowing a deduction for payment of certain obligations of a transferor assumed in the reorganization ( section 381(c)(16 ) ), but not a deduction for theft losses sustained by a transferor prior to a reorganization but discovered after it;
 or requiring a transferor to carry over its method of depeciation ( section 381(c)(6 ) ), but not allowing rapid amortization of emergency facilities transferred in a reorganization;
 if it were not for judicial development of certain exceptions, this section would prohibit a suit for refund by an acquiring corporation for taxes paid by a transferor corporation, even though the reorganization meets the requirements of section 381(a ).
 a clearly recognized exception is a statutory merger or consolidation.
 a tax-free reorganization not complying with the merger or consolidation statutes of the states involved is difficult to fit into an" operation of law" mold.
 although it is in some ways comparable to a voluntary sale of assets for cash, to which section 203 quite clearly applies, the courts and Treasury have held that acquiring corporations in several types of non-taxable reorganizations may sue for refund of taxes paid by transferors.
 the transaction presumably would have qualified under section 368(a)(1)(B ) as a contractual reorganization, followed by a section 332 liquidation, but not under section 368(a)(1)(A ) as a statutory merger of consolidation.
 the Ruling suggests also that it applies to either a statutory or contractual reorganization.
 hence, a successor corporation in a C reorganization appears entitled to sue for a refund of taxes paid by the merged corporation despite section 203.
 in a B reorganization, followed by a section 332 liquidation, those cases which hold that section 203 is inapplicable to transfers in liquidation appear to permit the successor corporation to sue for refund of taxes paid by the transferor.
 the first reason would never apply to a reorganization transfer which meets the conditions of section 381(a ), which is the only type presently under discussion.
 section 381(a ) applies only to a transfer by liquidation of a subsidiary owned to the extent of at least 80 per cent, a statutory merger or consolidation, an acquisition of substantially all a corporation's assets solely in exchange for voting stock, or a change of identity, form, or place of organization.
 furthermore, in a C reorganization the continuing interest of stockholders of the corporation which paid the tax must be greater than is necessary in a statutory merger, to which the statute is clearly inapplicable.
 nor is it at all likely that a" desperate" claim against the Government will be assigned on a contingent-fee basis in the guise of a tax-free reorganization.
 in the rare case where a corporation 's only substantial asset, or its most important one, is a claim for refund, perhaps its transfer should not be permitted, whether the reorganization takes the form of a statutory merger or of the acquisition of assets for stock.
 it appears, then, that although the matter is not dealt with in section 381(c ), a successor corporation in a reorganization of a type specified in section 381(a ) is entitled to sue for refund of taxes paid by a transferor corporation.
 section 203 of the United States Code has been interpreted as not applying to claims against the Government transferred in tax-free reorganizations.
 #OTHER TAX ATTRIBUTES OF THE TRANSFEROR# There are certain tax attributes of a corporation whose nature and effect might depend on the facts of the particular reorganization involved.
 for example, property" used in the trade or business" of a transferor corporation, as defined in section 1231, presumably would not retain its special status following a non-taxable reorganization if it is not so used in the business of the acquiring corporation.
 the parent of a group filing consolidated returns might be treated as the same corporation following a reorganization defined in section 368(a)(1)(F ), but as a different corporation for this purpose after a tax-free acquisition by another corporation which had not, for example, elected to file consolidated returns with its own subsidiaries.
 other sections of the 1954 Internal Revenue Code provide for survival of certain of a transferor's tax attributes following a tax-free reorganization.
 section 169 permits a person acquiring grain-storage facilities to elect to continue amortization over a 60-month period.
 _ATTRIBUTES SIMILAR TO A LOSS CARRYOVER._ There may be certain items which are quite similar to a net operating loss carryover or operating deficit and whose right to survive a reorganization should perhaps be subject to the conditions applicable to those items.
 under the 1939 Code this item was permitted to survive a tax-free reorganization in the < Stanton Brewery > case, but only over the dissent of Judge Learned Hand, who wrote the majority opinion in the < Sansome > case, a leading case requiring carryover of earnings and profits in a non-taxable reorganization.
 it is recognized that a mail questionnaire has inherent limitations.
 in the preparation of the questionnaire the problems noted above were carefully considered, and the structure and phraseology used were designed to minimize the effects of these limitations.
 the first step in processing was to analyze the returns from Questions 1, 2, and 3 to determine whether the respondents were large businesses or small businesses, in accordance with the definitions contained in ASPR Section 1-701.
 the contestants in this economic struggle are the Agricultural Workers Organizing Committee ( AWOC ) of the AFL- CIO and the agricultural employers of the State.
 it is disconcerting, nevertheless, to read in a labor weekly," Perluss knuckles down to growers", and then to be confronted with a growers' publication which states," Perluss recognizes obviously phony and trumped-up strikes as bona fide".
 for a number of years, there have been sporadic attempts in California to organize farm workers.
 they were inadequately financed, without experienced leadership, and lacked the general support of organized labor as a whole.
 this past year the pattern has been different: the organizing program had the full support of the AFL- CIO, which supplied staff and money to the AWOC, as well as moral support.
 regardless of where personal sympathies may lie as between the parties, failure to recognize these changed conditions would be to ignore the facts of life.
 as a result of these changed conditions, the impact of the organizational effort on agricultural labor-management relations has been much greater than in the past.
 with respect to labor disputes, the Wagner-Peyser Act states only, < In carrying out the provisions of this Act, the Secretary is authorized and directed to provide for the giving of notice of strikes or lock-outs to applicants before they are referred to employment >.
 in analyzing this regulation, let us take the last sentence first.
 the following generalizations about the emotional characteristics of elementary-school children may be helpful.
 as the influence of learning and environment are felt, emotional behavior becomes individualized.
 what they should recognize is that children who have been placed in one of these groups on a narrow academic basis still differ widely in attributes that influence success, and that they still must be treated as individuals.
 it is easy for the teacher to rationalize that the child who is not achieving in accordance with his known ability is just plain lazy, or that the child who lacks interest in school, who dislikes the teacher, or who is overaggressive is a hopeless delinquent.
 at any rate, the teacher who recognizes common causes of retardation and maladjustment can frequently do a great deal to eliminate the causes of pupil discouragement, failure, and maladjustment.
 and to utilize opportunities, arising in connection with regular classroom activities, for gaining a better understanding of his pupils.
 some school systems provide written instructions to principals and teachers designating when certain information is to be recorded on cumulative record forms and explaining how the information is to be summarized and used.
 that on the immediate horizon, if further large-scale ( relatively speaking ) desegregation comes, it will result from court orders on suits filed in several Middle-South states.
 in general, members of NAIRO would certainly want a child admitted to a school nearest his residence or within his residence zone.
 in each instance the plaintiff was a private citizen.
 should Congress authorize the Attorney General to file suit to accomplish admission of a child to a school to which he is denied entrance?
 FEDERAL RESPONSIBILITY FOR EDUCATION OF THE CITIZENS._ If the above issue is settled by requiring public education for all citizens, Issue No& 6 may be moot.
 there is no doubt that higher education since World War 2, has moved away from" pure" liberal education toward greater emphasis on technology and specialization.
 finally there are the parent organizations and the laymen's organizations such as the National Association of Parents and Teachers, and the Citizens Committee on Public Schools.
 #ATTEMPTS TO INFLUENCE SOCIAL STRUCTURE THROUGH EDUCATION# Educational policy in the United States has as an explicit goal the maximization of economic and cultural opportunity.
 the reaffirmation of American faith in the comprehensive high school, as expressed in the Conant study, is another indication of the liveliness of the ideal of maximizing opportunity through the equalizing of educational opportunity.
 by all means the most important distinction is that between those total-cost apportionments which superimpose a distribution of admittedly unallocable cost residues on estimates of incremental or marginal costs, and those other apportionments which recognize no difference between true cost allocation and mere total-cost distribution.
 since this book is concerned only incidentally with railroad rates, it will not attempt to analyze the methods by which the staff of the Interstate Commerce Commission has estimated out-of-pocket costs and apportioned residue costs.
 but any resulting excess of revenues received from a given class of service over the operating costs imputed to this class is reported as a" return" realized on the capital investment attributed to the same service.
 let us therefore consider each of the three types of cost in turn, recognizing that this simplified classification is used only for illustrative purposes;
 the purpose of this sort of philosophical study of sociology is not to tyrannize but to clarify the principles of social science.
 Horowitz 1957b&.
 the hypostatization of the secret nonetheless guarantees that the division of analytical and synthetic philosophies shall not be overcome by even the most persuasive argument;
 the tenacity with which present metaphysical attitudes fetishize private intuition offers the strongest evidence that the gulf between scientific and delphic ways of philosophizing is built into the present conflict over the limits and purpose of science, religion and ideology.
 there are signs that it has struggled for days to escape and that in a frenzy of hunger, pain, and fear, it has all but eaten off its own leg.
 and if we can see that what we meant to say remains the same, while the feeling varies from intensity to near zero, it is not the feeling that we primarily meant to express.
 and he could recognize, by touch alone, articles which he had handled immediately before, even though they were altogether unfamiliar to him and could not be identified by him;
 it seems clear, when one takes into consideration the exceedingly defective eyesight of the patient ( we shall describe it in detail in connection with our second question, the one concerning the psychical blindness of the patient ), that he had to rely on his sense of touch much more than the usual portfolio-maker and that consequently that faculty was most probably more sensitive to shape and size than that of a person with normal vision.
 he could not see objects as unified, self-contained, and organized figures, as a person does with normal vision.
 and, therefore, he could not recognize even long-familiar things upon seeing them again.
 according to his own testimony, he never actually saw things as shaped but only as generally amorphous" blots" of color of a more or less indefinite size;
 could piece, as it were, the jumbled mass together into an organized whole and then recognize it as a man or a triangle or whatever it turned out to be.
 this meant, concretely, that the patient could not read at all without making writing-like movements of the head or body, became easily confused by" hasher marks" inserted between hand-written words and thus confused the mark for one of the letters, and could recognize a simple straight line or a curved one only by tracing it.
 he could not recognize it;
 then he might finally recognize it, apparently by combining the visual blot, actually being seen, with tactual feelings in the head or body accompanying the tracing movements.
 men, trees, automobiles, houses, and so on- objects continually confronted in everyday life- had each its characteristic blot-appearance and became easily recognizable, at the very beginning of tracing, by an inference as to what each was.
 he evidently could not actually see the corners of these objects, but their size and the dots gave them away.
 perhaps the very important question- What is, then, exactly the role of kinesthetic sensations in the patient's ability to recognize forms and shapes by means of the tracing movements when he is actually looking at things?- has now been raised in the reader's mind and in the following form.
 but all too many observers have been misled by this fact into minimizing the degree of change which took place in the early first millennium.
 Greek history and culture were enduringly fertilized, and plagued, by the interplay of these conjoined yet opposed factors.
 many aspects of civilization were not yet sufficiently crystallized to find expression, nor could the simple economic and social foundations of this world support a lofty structure.
 objects in gold, ivory, and bronze grow more numerous.
 the Dipylon Geometric pottery of Athens and the < Iliad > are amazing manifestations of the inherent potentialities of Greek civilization;
 Greek civilization was swirling toward its great revolution, in which the developed qualities of the Hellenic outlook were suddenly to break forth.
 political organization revolved about the < basileis >;
 the poet of the < Iliad > deliberately archaized.
 although it is not possible to sunder old and new in this era, I shall consider in the present chapter primarily the first decades of the eighth century and shall interpret them as an apogee of the first stage of Greek civilization.
 in their vases were embodied the basic aesthetic and logical characteristics of Greek civilization, at first hesitantly in Protogeometric work, and then more confidently in the initial stages of the Geometric style.
 wavy lines, feather-like patterns, rosettes of indefinitely floral nature, birds either singly or in stylized rows, animals in solemn frieze bands ( see Plates 11-12)- all these turned up in the more developed fabrics as preliminary signs that the potters were broadening their gaze.
 the rows of animals and birds, in particular, suggest awareness of Oriental animal friezes, transmitted perhaps via Syrian silver bowls and textiles, but the specific forms of these rows on local vases and metal products are nonetheless Greek.
 three weeks later following his recovery, armed with a writ issued by the Catskill justice on affidavits prepared by the district attorney, Cook and Russell rode to arrest Martinez.
 some buildings, farm tools, two horses, plows, and hay owned by Bonito Lavato, a friendly interpreter for the company, and Pedro Chavez' hay were stolen or destroyed;
 word reached the company that the man behind these depredations was Manuel Gonzales, a man with many followers, including a number who were kept in line through fear of him.
 on May 19, a deputy sheriff's posse of eight men left Maxwell City and rode thirty-five miles up the Vermejo where they were joined by Juan Jose Martinez.
 still there was no Gonzales and the family would say nothing.
 while prowling around these buildings, two of the posse recognized the voice of Gonzales speaking to the people inside.
 when it became obvious that he could stay inside no longer, taking a thousand to one chance Gonzales rushed outside, square against the muzzle of a Winchester.
 not realizing the seriousness of the wound, the besiegers warned that if he did not surrender the house would be burned down around him.
 early the next morning, a Mexican telephoned Pels that Celso Chavez, one of the posse members, was surrounded by ten Mexicans at his father's home on the upper Vermejo.
 the sheriff and District Attorney Mills hastily swore out a number of warrants against men who had been riding about armed, according to signed statements by Chavez and Dr& I& P& George, and ordered Deputy Barney Clark of Raton to rescue the posseman.
 a Mexican justice of the peace had issue a writ against Chavez for taking part in the" murder" of Manuel Gonzales so he and his father were anxious to be taken out of danger.
 the ten or more dangerous parties singled out for prosecution were still at large, and Pels realized that if these men entrenched themselves in their adobe houses, defending themselves through loopholes, it would be most difficult to capture them.
 Elizabeth Way was the first operator;
 had More's writings been wholly limited to such exercises, they would be almost as dimly remembered as those of a dozen or so other authors living in his time, whose works tenuously survive in the minds of the few hundred scholars who each decade in pursuit of their very specialized occasions read those works.
 we will achieve a more vivid sense of what it is by realizing what it is not.
 a common habit or uniform prescribed for all citizens;
 concerning the sentence the editor asked," What else can Virginia do than to hang the men who have defied her laws, organized treason, and butchered her citizens".
 j& Wheaton Smith, editor of the Warren < Telegraph > stated that" the ends of justice must be satisfied, a solitary example must be set, in order that all those misnamed philantropists [ < sic > ], who, actuated by a blind zeal, dare to instigate riot, treason, and murder, may heed it and shape their future course accordingly".
 a week later the < Daily Journal > had discovered the initial plans of some Providence citizens to hold a meeting honoring John Brown on the day of his execution.
 the editor of the < Daily Journal > warned," **h that if such a demonstration be made, it will not find support or countenance from any of the men whose names are recognized as having a right to speak for Providence".
 extraordinary precautions were taken so that no stranger be allowed in the city and no citizen within the enclosure surrounding the scaffold.
 despite the opposition of the city newspapers, the Pratt Hall meeting" brought together a very respectable audience, composed in part of those who had been distinguished for years for their radical views upon the subject of slavery, of many of our colored citizens, and of those who were attracted to the place by the novelty of such a gathering".
 Barstow concluded that as Rhode Island's John Brown became a canonized hero, if not a saint, so would it be with John Brown of Harper's Ferry.
 Davis commenced his remarks by an allusion to the general feeling of opposition which the meeting had encountered from many of the citizens and all the newspapers of the city.
 at the close of Davis' speech the following preamble and resolutions were read by the president, and on the question of their adoption passed unanimously: whereas, John Brown has cheerfully risked his life in endeavoring to deliver those who are denied all rights **h and is this day doomed to suffer death for his efforts in behalf of those who have no helper: therefore, Resolved that, while we most decidedly disapprove the methods he adopted to accomplish his objects, yet **h in his willingness to die in aid of the great cause of human freedom, we still recognize the qualities of a noble nature and the exercise of a spirit which true men have always admired and which history never fails to honor.
 rather than being deceived, the eye is puzzled;
 in certain other pictures, however, Braque began to paint areas in exact simulation of wood graining or marbleizing.
 the process of flattening seemed inexorable, and it became necessary to emphasize the surface still further in order to prevent it from fusing with the illusion.
 because of the size of the areas it covers, the pasted paper establishes undepicted flatness < bodily >, as more than an indication or sign.
 flatness may now monopolize everything, but it is a flatness become so ambiguous and expanded as to turn into illusion itself- at least an optical if not, properly speaking, a pictorial illusion.
 in the Analytical phase of their Cubism, Braque and Picasso had not only had to minimize three-dimensionality simply in order to preserve it;
 they had also had to < generalize > it- to the point, finally, where the illusion of depth and relief became abstracted from specific three-dimensional entities and was rendered largely as the illusion of depth and relief < as such: > as a disembodied attribute and expropriated property detached from everything not itself.
 and as the aspect of the subject was transposed into those clusters of more or less interchangeable and contour-obliterating facet-planes by which plasticity was isolated under the Cubist method, the subject itself became largely unrecognizable.
 when the smaller facet-planes of Analytical Cubism were placed upon or juxtaposed with the large, dense shapes formed by the affixed materials of the collage, they had to coalesce- become" synthesized"- into larger planar shapes themselves simply in order to maintain the integrity of the picture plane.
 and independent silhouettes are apt to coincide with the recognizable contours of the subject from which a picture starts ( if it does start from a subject ).
 the new interchange among the four Los Angeles freeways, including the grade-constructed accesses, occupies by itself no less than < eighty acres > of downtown land, one-eighth of a square mile, an area about the size of Rockefeller Center in New York.
 the fact seems to be that very many large branch stores are uneconomical, that the choice of location in the suburbs is as important as it was downtown, and that even highly suburbanized cities will support only so many big branches.
 to the extent that the problem is merely parking, an aggressive downtown management, like that of Lazarus Brothers in Columbus, Ohio, can fight back successfully by building a garage on the lot next door.
 the open ceiling, with allegorical and classical figures thrown in masses against the sky: the closed frieze, formally divided into historical scenes and tightly tied to the stone walls, belong in their large ordering to the line of Correggio and his Baroque followers.
 after many years and many interruptions he was able to finish the canopy fresco, and slightly less than half the frieze, beginning with the Liberty group opposite the East door, and ending with William Penn, all but one leg, when a tragic accident ended his career.
 when Costaggini had used up all the sketches thirty-six feet of empty frieze were left over.
 later the cleaning and restoration were ordered, first of the older part of the frieze, finally of the canopy.
 the first preliminary was inspecting the unfinished length of frieze, a jumble of roughcast and finish coats, all in bad condition.
 cartoons were drawn full size, after sketches had been made to satisfy all the authorities.
 one had to manage the given subjects, three diverse recent events, so as to make them part of a classical frieze,- that is, a pattern of large figures filling the space, with not much else, against a blank background.
 moreover, all three representations must be squeezed comfortably into little more than the length Brumidi allowed for each one of his.
 when it was all arranged to fit, and not to interrupt the lengthwise flow of movement in the frieze, the cartoons were tried in place.
 whose ever fault, it is evident that Brumidi intended to fill out the whole frieze with his" histories" and come full circle with the scene of the discovery of California gold.
 the photograph, Figure 1 of the completed frieze, shows how, having been separated from his fellows in useless isolation for eighty years, he has now been given a hand, and by juxtaposition ( and the permission of the Committee ), given a new job, to represent the witnesses of the first flight at Kitty Hawk in 1903.
 the fixed wooden scaffold was removed, and, so as to reach all the frieze, one of pipe, on wheels, built up from the floor.
 a most useful tool for wetting the surface without running down was made from a greenhouse" mist spray" nozzle welded to a hose connection, to be used at low water pressure.
 it may well be that, when Rudy Pozzatti and I visited your country last spring, you were living and working close to the places we saw and the streets we walked.
 Pozzatti and I endeavored earnestly to record our impressions without the prejudice that the anxiety of our time so easily provokes.
 the belligerent denunciations by the sick fanatics of ignorance who try to build a papier-mache wall of pseudo-patriotism on our physical horizons.
 difficult as it may have been at times, Pozzatti and I saw enough, talked to enough artists, historians and others to realize that the issue is quite clear.
 these two recollections form the frame around a series of experiences and sights which, to me at least, symbolize the extremes in the aesthetic as well as ethical conflict between materialism and humanism.
 the socialist environment, it was stated, had cross-fertilized these two extreme seeds and was about to produce a new plant and fruit.
 after a while we were perhaps less surprised, but still puzzled, when a friendly discussion would suddenly jump the track into the most irrelevant and illogical comparisons.
 no wonder that Pozzatti and I had at times difficulty in remembering the real purpose of our presence, namely, Cultural Exchange.
 she did not go so far as to say, as was done on other occasions, that Abstraction as well as Impressionism were a Russian invention that had been discarded as unwanted by the people of the U&S&S&R& Pozatti and I could not know then that we would experience this sort of treatment more often in Moscow than elsewhere.
 as a matter of fact, we prize the diversity among our own people so much that we will not presume to speak for all other American artists.
 as artists we feel the same obligation, as do other individuals, in considering ourselves responsible citizens of a great nation.
 there are more substantial criticisms to be made of Fromm's account of capitalist civilization.
 Fromm's analysis of alienation in the sphere of production centers around the concepts of the bureaucratization of the corporation, the separation of ownership from control, and the broad ( and thus from the point of view of corporate control, ineffective ) dispersion of stock ownership.
 the failure to keep these two usages distinct presents hazards to the reader.
 the point is that in a system such as Fromm's which recognizes unconscious motivations, and which rests on certain ethical absolutes, empirical data can be used to support whatever proposition the writer is urging at the moment.
 glance at the list: Burckhardt, Tolstoy, Proudhon, Thoreau, London, Marx, Tawney, Mayo, Durkheim, Tannenbaum, Mumford, A& R& Heron, Huxley, Schweitzer, and Einstein.
 the original D minor seems to symbolize blindness, inescapable in spite of all attempts to move away from it.
 a rough < ostinato > figure, heard first in the introduction to the inn scene, characterizes him amusingly and reappears whenever he comes into the action: @ The Song of Kazan, in which this figure becomes a wild-sounding accompaniment, fills in the picture of undisciplined high spirits.
 his personality appears more striking by contrast with Marina, who is- perhaps purposely- rather superficially characterized.
 the effect is as if he had materialized out of nowhere.
 as if in a trance, she repeats his words- then realizes, with a shock, her own audacity.
 she is the unattainable beauty, the princess who turns away suitors by the dozen.
 Boris' first entrance seems almost a footnote to the splendor of the Coronation Scene, with its dazzling confusion of tonalities.
 even in its most conventional appearance, the guests' song of praise to Marina, there are a few female dissenters criticizing the princess for her coldness.
 in Pimen's cell the soft prayers of the monks, heard from offstage, not only help to set the scene but emphasize the contrast between young Grigori's thoughts and his situation.
 in the orchestra we hear first a hushed, hesitant < pizzicato > figure, then the insistent" police" motif as it appeared in the opening scene.
 so that, while it usually is easy to recognize a poem by Hardy, it is difficult to date one.
 there is only one sense in which it is valid to talk about Hardy's development: he did develop toward a more consistent and more effective control of that tone which we recognize as uniquely his.
 the internal organization rarely has any chronological order, except in obvious groups like the" Poems of Pilgrimage", the" Poems of 1912-13", and the war poems.
 and on Christmas Day, 1890, Hardy wrote:" while thinking of resuming ' the viewless wings of poesy ' before dawn this morning, new horizons seemed to open, and worrying pettinesses to disappear" ( < Early Life, > p& 302 ).
" neutral Tones" we immediately recognize as a fine poem in Hardy 's most characteristic style: the plain but not quite colloquial language, the hard, particular, colorless images, the slightly odd stanza-form, the dramatic handling of the occasion, the refusal to resolve the issue- all these we have seen in Hardy's best poems.
 the details of the setting of" Neutral Tones" are not, strictly speaking, metaphorical, but they combine to create a mood which is appropriate both to a dismal winter day and to the end of love, and in this way love and weather, the emotions and the elements, symbolize each other in a way that is common to many of Hardy's best poems (" Weathers"," The Darkling Thrush", and" During Wind and Rain", for example ) and to some moving passages in the novels as well ( < Far From the Madding Crowd > is full of scenes constructed in this way ).
 in the poem we recognize and acknowledge one man's sense of the world;
 the last time I saw Bird, at Jimbo's Bob City, he was so gone- so blind to the world- that he literally sat down on me before he realized I was there.
 I said, referring to the pretentious" Jazz Concert".
 similarly, the innovations of bop, and of Parker particularly, have been vastly overrated by people unfamiliar with music, especially by that ignoramus, the intellectual jitterbug, the jazz aficionado.
 and there is less rhythmic difference between progressive jazz, no matter how progressive, and Dixieland, than there is between two movements of many conventional symphonies.
 what Parker and his contemporaries- Gillespie, Davis, Monk, Roach ( Tristano is an anomaly ), etc&- did was to absorb the musical ornamentation of the older jazz into the basic structure, of which it then became an integral part, and with which it then developed.
 it is the difference between Bach and Mozart.
 again, contrary to popular belief, there is nothing crazy or frantic about Parker either musically or emotionally.
 emotionally it does not resemble Berlioz or Wagner;
 it resembles Mozart.
 in modern jazz, the saxophone is treated as a woodwind and played with conventional embouchure.
 surrealists like Hans Arp and Max Ernst might talk of creation by hazard- of composing pictures by walking on them with painted soles, or by tossing bits of paper up in the air.
 many of the post-World War 2, abstract expressionists, apostles of the discipline of spontaneity and hazard, look alike, and do look like accidents.
 you have only to compare such painting with the work of, say, Sesshu, to realize that someone is using words and brushes carelessly.
 a Pollock is an object of art- bijouterie- disguised only by its great size.
 in fact, once the size is big enough to cover a whole wall, it turns into nothing more than extremely expensive wallpaper.
 since none of these glimpses of poetizing without writing is intended to incorporate a signature into the epic matter, there is prima-facie evidence that < Beowulf > and the Homeric poems each derive from an oral tradition.
 in an oral tradition they may be chosen for the entire epic corpus, and tend towards idealization rather than distinctive delineation.
 in lieu of the amanuensis to the blind or illiterate bard, one may conceive of a man who heard a vast store of oral poetry recited, and became intimately familiar with the established aids to poetizing, and himself wrote his own compositions or his edition of the compositions of the past.
 in determining the extent to which any poem is formulaic it is idle, however, to inspect nothing besides lines repeated in their entirety, for a stock of line-fragments would be sufficient to permit the poet to extemporize with deftness if they provided for prosodic needs.
 RECENT CRITICISM OF < Great Expectations > has tended to emphasize its symbolic and mythic content, to show, as M& D& Zabel has said of Dickens generally, that much of the novel's impact resides in its" allegoric insight and moral metaphor".
 he knew instinctively that next to voice and face an actor's hands are his most useful possession- that in fiction as in the theatre, gesture is an indispensable shorthand for individualizing character and dramatizing action and response.
 we have only to think of Lady Macbeth or the policeman-murderer in Thomas Burke's famous story," The Hands of Mr& Ottermole", to realize that hands often call up ideas of crime and punishment.
 such associations suit well with the gothic or mystery-story aspects of Dickens' novel, but, on a deeper plane, they relate to the themes of sin, guilt, and pursuit that have recently been analyzed by other critics.
 as Pip agonizes over the theft that his own hands have committed, his guilty conscience projects itself upon the wooden finger of a local signpost, transforming it into" a phantom devoting me to the Hulks".
 Pip himself is to feel the terror of Orlick's" murderous hand" ( 53 ) in his secret rendezvous at the sluicehouse on the marshes.
 ( 8 ) Pip imagines how Estella would look down upon Joe's hands, roughened by work in the smithy, and the deliberate contrast between her white hands and his blackened ones is made to symbolize the opposition of values between which Pip struggles- idleness and work, artificiality and naturalness, gentility and commonness, coldness and affection- in fact, between Satis House and the forge.
 ( 35 ) Pip's abject leave-taking of Miss Havisham, during which he kneels to kiss her hand, signalizes his homage to a supposed patroness who seems to be opening up for him a new world of glamour;
 a variety of hand movements helps dramatize the moral climate of the fallen world Pip encounters beyond the forge.
 Pumblechook's hands throughout the novel serve to travesty greed and hypocritical self-aggrandizement.
 we first see him shaking Mrs& Joe's hand on discovering the sizable amount of the premium paid to her husband for Pip's indenture as an apprentice and later pumping Pip's hands" for the hundredth time at least" (" May I- < may > I-"?
 the following items may be specified in actual or symbolic form in the operands of those instructions which refer to the particular items: channel, unit, combined channel and unit, combined arm and file, unit record synchronizers, inquiry synchronizers, and alteration switches.
 ) the preceding methods allow efficient use of index words and electronic switches during a sectionalized or multi-phase program, particularly when used in conjunction with the LITORIGIN statement.
 the vegetables were not readily metabolized by the bacteria in the aeration unit and tended to float on the surface.
 #MICROSCOPIC EXAMINATION# Routine microscopic examinations were made of the mixed liquor as indicated by McKinney and Gram for the various types of protozoa.
 initially, the flagellated protozoa predominated, but they soon gave way to the free swimming ciliated protozoa.
 as the temperature decreased, the number of free swimming ciliated protozoa decreased.
 very little protozoa activity existed below 40' F. when the temperature reached 32' F all protozoan activity ceased;
 but as the temperature rose, the numbers of protozoa increased rapidly.
 the predomination of free swimming ciliated protozoa is indicative of a high bacterial population.
 surface forces have been used to provide defense zones around naval and merchant ship formations, air to furnish area surveillance, and mines for protection of limited areas.
 this is stated to emphasize the necessity for an over-all concept of submarine defense, one which would provide positions of relative importance to ASW elements based on projected potentialities.
 the Communists are adept at utilizing hostilities short of general war and will do so whenever it is to their advantage.
 therefore, the plan's fifth principle must be that it capitalize on the capabilities of all elements in combination.
 full knowledge of the science of oceanography can bring the environment to our side, resulting in an increase in effectiveness of equipment and tactics, a decrease in enemy capabilities, and the development of methods of capitalizing on the environment.
 these variations must eventually be measured horizontally as well as vertically.
 mines need to be recognized as a major element in anti-submarine warfare employment, extended to deep water, and have their effective area per unit increased.
 mobile forces are required to localize and attack detected targets, since the systems are not capable of pinpointing a target.
 two metabolites ( 1, and 2, ) of p-aminobenzoic acid ( PABA ) which act as cofactors for the hydroxylation of aniline by acid-fast bacteria are biosynthesized from PABA.
 the inhibition of the enzyme by very low concentrations of lanthanum ion is probably the strongest known biological effect of rare earth salts.
 the effects can be related to the structure of this - SH enzyme.
 furthermore, the hydrolysis of paraoxon was studied in mammalian sera, and it was found that it is hydrolyzed by albumin ( or a factor attached to it ) in addition to arylesterase.
 and enzymes which terminate the action of peptides such as bradykinin and perhaps Substance Z were studied.
 experiments are in progress to develop ultraviolet spectrophotometric techniques for assaying these enzymes and for studying their sensitivity to metal ions.
 ( e& G& Erdo^s, C& D& Mackey, A& G& Renfrew, W& B& Severs, E& M& Sloane ) _SEED PROTEINS_- In a physiochemical study of seed proteins, the globulins of the Brazil nut have been investigated.
 a water-soluble protein of quite low molecular weight ( ca& 10,000 ) has also been found in this system and partly characterized.
 it was possible, however, to decompose the compliance into a sum of a frequency-independent component and two viscoelastic mechanisms, each compatible with the Boltzmann superposition principle and with a consistent set of time-temperature equivalence factors.
 ( Hershel Markovitz, D&J& Plazek, Haruo Nakayasu ) #GEOCHEMISTRY# _TRACE ELEMENTS IN TEKTITES, METEORITES, AND RELATED MATERIALS_- The results of microanalysis of tektites ( natural glasses of unknown origin ) for gallium and germanium have shown that these glasses are probably produced from terrestrial ( or less likely from lunar ) matter by impact of a celestial body.
 the gallium ratio is higher than that for ordinary igneous, metamorphic, or sedimentary matter as a result of selective volatilization of the components of the tektite.
 ( Lauri Vaska, E& M& Sloane, J& W& DiLuzio ) In the absence of direct evidence to the contrary, decomposition of solvent alcohol < and > coordination of its fragments to the metal were not considered, following the above heretofore-accepted assumption in preparative coordination chemistry.
 in another study chromium-substituted aluminum oxyhydroxides and related species, prepared homogeneously by high-temperature hydrolysis, are being characterized and investigated spectrally in the ultraviolet region with a view to identification and semiquantitative estimation of the phases formed under varying preparative conditions.
 ( c& A& J& Hoeve, A& A& Blumberg ) _CRYSTALLIZATION IN POLYMERS AND COPOLYMERS_- The crystallization of copolymers comprising **f units interspersed with a minor percentage of **f is limited by the inability of the crystal lattice characteristic of the former to accommodate the bulky side group of the latter.
 while ATP appears to be necessary for the occurrence of contraction, its presence and enzymatic hydrolysis of it by the muscle protein myosin are not the only criteria for contraction.
 ( c& A& J& Hoeve, P& J& Flory ) _ANIONIC POLYMERIZATION_- One of the principal aims of anionic polymerization techniques is the synthesis of polymers of extremely narrow molecular weight distribution.
 the preparation of such products is not new, but the systems heretofore employed in polymerizations have commanded considerable experimental skill and starting materials of a high purity.
 in the new process impurities present in the solvent ( benzene ), the monomer, and in the reaction system which would cause deactivation of propagation centers, are rendered inactive prior to polymerization by gradual addition of initiator, a mixture of butyl-lithium and telomeric styryl-lithium, at a temperature low enough to suppress chain growth.
 upon completion of the purging step, additional initiator appropriate for the molecular weight of the sample desired is added, and the system is then warmed to the polymerization temperature, at which the reaction is allowed to go to completion.
 contrary to observations with ethers, no apparent change of the reactivity of the chain ends takes place over considerable periods of time in benzene as solvent.
 financial and material help have come from academic, governmental, and industrial organizations in England and Holland.
 CRYSTAL DATA# _ORGANIZATION:_ The present edition of CRYSTAL DATA was written by J&D&H& Donnay, the Johns Hopkins University, Baltimore, Md& ( Part 2, ) and Werner Nowacki, University of Berne, Switzerland ( Part 1, ) with the collaboration of Gabrielle Donnay, U& S& Geological Survey, Washington, D& C&.
 many collaborators in the United States and Switzerland helped in collecting and assembling data, in making calculations, and in editing.
 CRYSTAL STRUCTURES# _ORGANIZATION:_ The author of CRYSTAL STRUCTURES is Ralph W&G& Wyckoff, University of Arizona, Tucson, Arizona.
 _SOURCES OF DATA:_ The first stage of operation has centered on the literature imaging of critical or summarizing tabulations such as the Barker Index.
 in this way a degree of unification of nomenclature, symbols, and units will be realized.
 BECAUSE INDIVIDUAL CLASSES OF foods differ in their requirements for preservation, a number of methods have been developed over the years involving one or a combination of procedures such as dehydration, fermentation, salting, chemical treatment, canning, refrigeration, and freezing.
 the basic objectives in each instance are to make available supplies of food during the intervals between harvesting or slaughter, to minimize losses resulting from the action of microorganisms and insects, and to make it possible to transport foods from the area of harvest or production to areas of consumption.
 with the development of nuclear technology, isotopic materials, and machine radiation sources in recent years, the possibilities of applying ionizing radiation to the preservation of foods attracted the attention of investigators in the United States and throughout the world.
 interest remained, however, in the possibility that it would serve as a useful supplementary method for counteracting spoilage losses and for preserving some foods at lower over-all costs than freezing, or without employing heat or chemicals with their attendant taste alterations.
 #FACTORS RESPONSIBLE FOR THE SPOILAGE OF FOODS# The chief factors responsible for the spoilage of fresh foodstuffs are ( 1 ) microorganisms such as bacteria, molds, and yeasts, ( 2 ) enzymes, ( 3 ) insects, ( 4 ) sprouting, and ( 5 ) chemical reactions.
 enzymatic action in stored food produces changes which can adversely affect the appearance of food or its palatability.
 to permit the storage of food for long periods of time, a method of preservation must accomplish the destruction of microorganisms and inhibition of enzymatic action.
 the term" sterilization" applies to methods involving essentially complete destruction of all microorganisms.
 the process of" pasteurization" involves milder and less prolonged heat treatment which accomplishes the destruction of most, but not all, of the microorganisms.
 less severe thermal treatment as by blanching or scalding serves to inactivate enzymes.
 #GENERAL EFFECTS OF IONIZING RADIATION# Ionizing radiation can cause the destruction of microorganisms and insects involved in food spoilage or, at lower doses, can inhibit their action.
 deactivation of enzymes is also possible, although some types require extremely heavy doses of 10 Mrad or more.
 because of undesirable flavors, odors, colors, and generally low palatability associated with radiation treatment of this magnitude, the inactivation of enzymes is best accomplished prior to irradiation by the conventional heat-processing methods of blanching.
 the radiation doses required for the preservation of foods are in the following ranges: _1._ For radiosterilization, to destroy all organisms for long-term preservation- about 4.5 Mrad for nonacid foods of low salt content.
 _2._ For radiopasteurization, to partially destroy microorganisms;
 preserving foods with ionizing radiation leads to some undesirable side effects, particularly at the higher radiation dosages.
 in this respect, the general palatability and individual acceptance of most radiosterilized foods has, to date, been found to be low in comparison with fresh and commercially processed foods.
 a number of foods are quite acceptable as regards taste and palatability, however, at dosages substantially less than sterilization levels.
 moreover, the nutritive value of irradiated foods apparently undergoes little, if any, change, although some of the fat-soluble vitamins are affected by sterilization doses.
 of the potentially useful sources of ionizing radiations, gamma sources, cobalt-60, cesium-137, fission products, or a reactor irradiation loop system using a material such as an indium salt have received most attention for food-preservation systems.
 radiation, therefore, is at an initial cost disadvantage even though only 1 to 10 per cent as much radiation energy as heat energy is required for radiopasteurization or radiosterilization.
 because agricultural activities are seasonal and the areas of production and harvest of many foods are widely scattered geographically, and because of the high cost of transporting bulk food items any substantial distance to a central processing location, the use of large central processing stations, where low-cost radiation facilities approaching the megawatt range might be utilized, is inherently impracticable.
 #PRESENT STATUS OF IRRADIATION PRESERVATION OF FOODS# The objective of complete sterilization of foods is to produce a wholesome and palatable product capable of being stored without refrigeration for extended periods of time.
 chief interest in radiosterilization resides in the military services.
 for them, providing appetizing food under battle or emergency conditions is a paramount consideration.
 high nutritional value, variety, palatability, and appetizing appearance are important for reasons of morale.
 radiopasteurization, which produces fewer adverse sensory changes in food products, has potential usefulness in prolonging the keeping qualities of fresh and refrigerated food items.
 the present status of food preservation by ionizing radiation is discussed by food classes in the following paragraphs.
 to date, the one meat showing favorable results at sterilization doses is pork.
 of particular interest to the military services is the demonstration that roast pork, after radiosterilization, is superior in palatability to available canned pork products.
 partly because low-level heat treatment is needed to inactivate enzymes before radiosterilization, treated fresh meats have the appearance of boiled or canned meat.
 off-flavor is a less severe problem with the radiopasteurization of meats, but problems of commercial acceptability remain.
 when lamb and mutton are irradiated at substerilization doses, the meat becomes dehydrated, the fat become chalky, and, again, unnatural changes in color occur.
 ground meats such as fresh pork sausage and hamburger have a relatively short shelf life under refrigeration, and radiopasteurization might be thought to offer distinctly improved keeping qualities.
 specialty cooked items containing meat portions, as in" frozen dinners" might offer a potential use for radiopasteurization.
 the principal potential advantage would be that the finished product could be transported and stored at lower cost under refrigeration instead of being frozen.
 a refrigerated item could also be heated and served in less time than is required for frozen foods of the same type.
 competitive processes for preserving meats are by canning and freezing.
 costs of freezing are in the area of 2 to 3.5 cents per pound.
 the table on page 10 shows costs of canning and freezing meat, and estimated costs for irradiation under certain assumed conditions.
 under the conditions of comparison, it will be noted that: _(1)_ Radiosterilization ( at 3 Mrad ) is more expensive than canning, particularly for the cesium-137 source.
 _(2)_ Radiopasteurization by either the electron accelerator or cesium-137 source is in the range of freezing costs.
 at sterilizing doses, good palatability results, with a minimum of changes in appearance, taste, and odor.
 radiopasteurization has also been successful, and the shelf life of chicken can be extended to a month or more under refrigerated storage as compared with about 10 days for the untreated product.
 acceptance of radiopasteurization is likely to be delayed, however, for two reasons: ( 1 ) the storage life of fresh chicken under refrigeration is becoming a minimal problem because of constantly improved sanitation and distributing practices, and ( 2 ) treatment by antibiotics, a measure already approved by the Federal Food and Drug Administration, serves to extend the storage life of chicken at a low cost of about 0.5 cent per pound.
 this signifies that |a, the rake angle, is no longer a constant to zero film thickness.
 the curvature of this bluntness is, in the case of the Carboloy knife employed in the Hesiometer, determined by the grain sizes of the polished grit and the tungsten carbide crystals cemented together in the knife body and is in the order of 0.1 to 0.2 mil&.
 this reduces to the relationship: **f where **f is the intercept at zero thickness of the extrapolation of the slope indicated in eqn& ( 1 ), **f is the thickness of the coating equivalent to the rounding off of the knife tip, **f is a straight line first approximation of this roundness, and the other symbols are equivalent to those of eqn& ( 1 ).
 thermal conductivity is directly traceable to the material's porous, air-cell construction which effectively traps air or a gas in the maze of minute bubbles which forms its composition.
 the K factor, a term used to denote the rate of heat transmission through a material ( B&t&u& ft& of material 'F& of thickness ) ranges from 0.24 to 0.28 for flexible urethane foams and from 0.12 to 0.16 for rigid urethane foams, depending upon the formulation, density, cell size, and nature of blowing agents used.
 basically, the foam machines that produce such stock consist of two or more pumping units, a variable mixer, a nozzle carriage assembly, and, in many cases, a conveyor belt to transport and contain the liquid during the reaction process and until it solidifies into foam.
 profile cutting machines are available which can split foam to any desired thickness and produce sine, triangle, trapezoid, and other profiles in variable heights, dimensions, etc&.
 washing is continued for 30 minutes or for a period of time sufficient to allow 100 nips or passes through the squeeze rolls.
 by this procedure rinsing progresses in two stages, first by dilution until the time when the drains are separated and thereafter by displacement of the soil-bearing liquor by clean rinse water, since soiled liquor squeezed from the specimens at the nip passes directly to waste from the suds box drains.
 table 1, summarizes all of the various washing, drying, and restoration procedures available.
 #PROCEDURE# _WASHING-_ The washing procedures are summarized in Table 2,.
 however, electrostatic focus, important for many applications, has not been realized for these devices.
 an electrostatic system suffers generally from image plane curvature leading to defocusing in the peripheral image region if a flat viewing screen ( or interstage coupler ) is utilized, while a magnetic system requires accurate adjustment of the solenoid, which is heavy and bulky.
 as it will be discussed later, peripheral defocusing can be improved on by utilizing curved fiber couplers.
 it will be shown theoretically that the high image intensification obtainable with such a tube and contact photography permits the utilization of extremely low incident light levels.
 the field-flattening property of the biconcave fiber coupler can be utilized to alleviate the peripheral resolution losses resulting with a flat phosphor-screen or coupling member.
 the luminous efficiency **f of a photocathode depends on the maximum radiant sensitivity **f and on the spectral distribution of the incident light **f by the relation: **f where **f **h normalized radiant photocathode sensitivity.
 _GAIN OF FIBER COUPLED IMAGE INTENSIFIERS_ Including the brightness gain **f due to the **f area demagnification, the overall gain of a fiber coupled double stage image intensifier is: **f It is obvious that the careful choice of photocathode which maximizes **f for a given input < E > ( in the case of the second stage, for the first phosphor screen emission ) is very important.
 it should be noted that photoluminescence, due to" Bremsstrahlung" generated within the viewing screen by electron impact, appears to be important only if anode voltages in excess of 30 KV are utilized.
 an optimal policy is one which in some sense gets the best out of the process as a whole by maximizing the value of the product.
 _(3)_ The specification of the objective function of which the optimization is desired.
 he recognized that whatever transformation may be effected in the first stage of an < R > -stage process, the remaining stages must use an optimal **f-stage policy with respect to the state resulting from the first stage, if there is to be any chance of optimizing the complete process.
 the principle of optimality thus brings a vital organization into the search for the optimal policy of a multistage decision process.
 the objective function, which is to be maximized, is some function, usually piecewise continuous, of the product state.
 an optimal policy is an admissible policy **f which maximizes the objective function < P >.
 let **f where the maximization is over all admissible policies **f.
 thus **f where the maximization is over all admissible policies **f, and **f is related to **f by ( 5 ).
 the sequence of equations ( 6 ) can be solved for **f when **f is known, and clearly **f, the maximization being over all admissible **f.
 we cannot now speak of maximizing the value of the objective function, since this function is now known only in a probabilistic sense.
 we can, however, maximize its expected value.
 for a single stage we may define **f where the maximization is by choice of **f.
 we thus have an optimal policy which maximizes the expected value of the objective function for a given **f.
 then **f, the maximization being over all admissible **f and the integration over the whole of stage space.
 a gyro-stabilized platform system, using restrained gyros, is well suited for automatic leveling because of the characteristics of the gyro-platform-servo combination.
 the restrained gyro-stabilized platform with reasonable response characteristics operates with an approximate equation of motion, neglecting transient effects, as follows: **f where < U > is a torque applied about the output axis of the controlling gyro.
 thus if the gyro and platform-controller combination maintains the platform with zero angular deviation about the |f axis, the system can be rotated with an angular velocity **f if a torque is supplied to the gyro output axis |j.
 if the polarities are correct, the platform rotates in such a direction as to reduce the accelerometer output to zero.
 finally, when the accelerometer output is zero, the entire system remains stationary, and the platform is, by definition, leveled.
 finally, the gyro-stabilized platform characteristic is represented by **f The system as indicated in Fig& 7-2 is fundamental and simple because the transient effects of both the platform servo and the accelerometer have been neglected.
 i&e&, high loop gain causes the system to respond to horizontal components of accelerations.
 when the system is arranged for automatic leveling, the platform angles respond to any horizontal components of acceleration acting on the accelerometers.
 PRACTICAL LEVELING CONSIDERATIONS.# The automatic leveling system described in this section is readily adaptable to a gyro-stabilized platform consisting of three integrating gyros.
 the process consists in turning the platform manually until the outputs of both accelerometers are zero.
 if high accuracy is required in preflight leveling, it is usually necessary to integrate or doubly integrate the accelerometer outputs ( this also minimizes the noise problem ).
 EXTERNAL DETERMINATION OF HEADING- SURVEYING TECHNIQUE.# With the gyro-stabilized platform leveled, it can be headed in the proper direction by using surveying techniques.
 however, this difficulty is not too serious if it is realized that a surveying team can establish a true north base line with a few days' work.
 if the polarity is correct, the platform will turn until the heading error angle is zero.
 essentially, the stator or reference portion of the pickoff is established with respect to the true heading direction, and the platform is turned either manually or automatically until the angular electrical pickoff signal is reduced to zero.
 the sensing of this rotation by the < X > gyro can be utilized to direct the platform into proper heading.
 since the earth is rotating and the unleveled gyro-stabilized platform is fixed with respect to a reference in space, an observer on the earth will see the platform rotating ( with respect to the earth).#THIRTY-THREE# SCOTTY did not go back to school.
 they ate the cafeteria food with its orange sauces and Scotty gazed without interest at his food, the teachers, the heroic baronial windows, and the bright ranks of college banners.
 Scotty regarded the ear and the grizzled hair around it with a moment of interest.
 since his seizure, Scotty had had little appetite;
 altogether he had, since the seizure, the appearance of a boy who overindulged in food and took no exercise.
 he looked lazy, spoiled, a little querulous.
 Scotty gazed out at ugly gray slums and said softly," Look at those stupid kids".
 he was calm, drugged, and lazy.
 she was with Elizabeth.
 he thought he saw- it awakened and, for a moment, interested him- that Elizabeth held a leash in her hand and that a round fuzzy puppy was on the end of the leash.
 he had n't realized that there would be so much time to think, so many lulls.
 he saw no life, but still stood there for a time peering at the unlovely hills, his gaze continually returning to Papa-san.
 others carried extra clips for the Browning Automatic Rifle, which was in the hands of a little Mexican named Martinez.
 all sizes: big ones, some wired to set off a whole field, little ones, hand grenade size.
 from the east to the west coast of the Korean peninsula was a strip of land in which fear-filled men were at that same moment furtively crawling through the night, sitting in sweaty anticipation of any movement or sound, or shouting amidst confused rifle flashes and muzzle blasts.
 - In France he had puzzled the meaning of the great stone monuments men had thrown up to the sky, and always as he wandered, he felt a stranger to their exultation.
 she was wise enough to realize a man could be good company even if he did weigh too much and did n't own the mint.
 he was n't troubled with the ordinary, rank-and-file fear that overcomes and paralyzes and sends individual soldiers and whole companies under fire running in panic.
 therefore, he decided he was unfair to the young man and should make an effort to understand and sympathize with his point of view.
 at the same time, you have to face facts and realize that a man who 's been in the Marine Corps all his life does n't understand much about politics.
 he sympathized with them on the loss of their old pastor.
 first of all there was the parsonage, an utterly impossible place for civilized people to live in, originally poorly conceived, apparently not repaired for years, with no plumbing or sewage, with rat-holes and rot.
 Wilson stressed the fact that clear as this was, they must have a better church, a more business-like conduct of the church organization, and an effort to get this religious center out of its rut of wild worship into a modern church organization.
 he emphasized to the Presiding Elder the plan of giving up the old church and moving across the river.
 they buy some supplies from our colored grocers and they are patronized by some of the best white gentlemen in town".
 and after Wilson had talked to Mrs& Catt and to others, he was absolutely amazed.
 if their schedules were to synchronize, there was no point in wasting time.
 only afterwards did an act like that become meaningless, so that he would puzzle over it for days, whereas at the time it had seemed quite real.
" well, I guess I know enough to turn you inside out, you sockdologizing old mantrap"!
 there was something maimed and crazy about its motion that disturbed them.
 somehow Dr& Charles Leale was forced through the mob and squeezed out into the dingy corridor.
 seizing the bridle, he tugged with all his might and forced Katie to her knees.
 he stared at the far morning, expecting a pendulum to swing across the horizon.
 > a fresh breeze saluted him.
 God was everywhere, in the belfry, in the steeple, in the clouds, in the trees, and in the mountains hulking on the horizon.
 drenched and shaking, he stood near the sweet-smelling stall and dared to pat her muzzle.
 a Newfoundland sat solemnly beside a doghouse half his size.
" I soon came back to my senses", he said, aloud, to the young blizzard, proudly, drawing himself up, as if making a report to some important superior **h < I was the first to get my squad on the ball, and anybody thinkin it was easy is pretty damn dumb.
 when I talked to Ching about it, he said, Everyone can learn, if he is not a Reactionary or lazy.
 he stared at it, amazed, alarmed **h < The whole fucken sky 's cavin in!
 he was really amazed to discover the other guests so excited about these delicate little songs.
 but now what crazy twists and turns of his emotions!
 all these emotions were screwed up to new heights when, after acceptance and the first rehearsals, there ensued such a buzz of excitement among Parisian music lovers that Duclos had to come running to Rousseau to inform him that the news had reached the superintendent of the King's amusements, and that he was now demanding that the work be offered first at the royal summer palace of Fontainebleau.
 half crazed by the weight dragging, the dust, and the heat, the horse leaped our wall, dashing out the rider's brains against it, and leaving him lying there among us- while the horse crashed away through the brush.
 the passage and rhythm of time changed, and when I remember back to what happened then, each event is a separate and frozen incident.
 the next a headless horror on a horse that bolted through the redcoat ranks, and during the next second or two, we all of us fired into the suddenly disorganized column of soldiers.
 I had squeezed the trigger of my own gun, and to my amazement, it had fired and kicked back into my shoulder with the force of an angry mule;
 later we realized that the redcoats had stopped their charge at the wall.
 a dozen cows mooed sadly and regarded us as if we were insane, as perhaps we were at that moment, with the crazy excitement of our first encounter, the yelling and shooting still continuing up at the road, and the thirst of some of the men, which was so great that they waded into the muddy water and scooped up handfuls of it.
 it may appear that we were cruel and callous, but no one had time to spend sympathizing with poor Isaac- except the Reverend.
 he finished the worship service as if there had been no brazen attempt to dishonor God and man.
" we all know that Jake Camaret and the woman are brazenly living together.
 John recognized Ablard Corne and called out a greeting.
 the crowd moved back and John started dizzily down the hill.
 he recognized the gesture.
 the rain dripped on the freezing loblolly of the street.
 the smoke from that chimney rose as sluggishly as smoke from any other, and hung as sadly in the drizzle, creeping back down along the sopping canvas of the roof.
 it gave the rubberized fabric a dull gleam, like metal.
 the drizzle was slacking off now, but the light was grayer.
 the gray face stared straight ahead in the drizzle.
 Adam recognized this one.
 he recognized her because she was the one who, in a winter twilight, on the edge of camp, had once stopped him and reached down her hand to touch his fly.
 the words ran crazily in his head: < Mollie the Mutton is scratching her nose in the rain >.
 he thought of Simms Purdew snoring on his bunk while Pullen James crouched by the hearth, skirmishing an undershirt for lice, and a wet log sizzled.
 once, they were at Easthampton for the summer ( again, Fritzie said, a good place, even though they were being robbed ).
 Fritzie was on the couch reading;
 then Laura took her gently and shoved her off again, toward Fritzie: Amy did not laugh- this was work, concentration, achievement.
 some liar's logic, a wisp of optimism as fragile as the scent of tropical blossoms that came through the window ( a euphoria perhaps engendered by the pill Fritzie had given her ), consoled her for a moment.
 gazing at her husband 's drugged body, his chest rising and falling in mindless rhythms, she saw the grandeur of his fictional world, that lush garden from which he plucked flowers and herbs.
" yes, I know, Fritzie.
 she was one of Eliot Sparling 's neutralized minorities, adopting the rolling < R's > and constricted vowels of Los Angeles.
 Selena Masters, Joe realized, was her own woman.
 sipping their coffee, discussing the weather, the day's shopping, Fritzie's commitments at the network ( all of which he would cancel ), they avoided the radio, the morning TV news show, even the front page of the < Santa Luisa Register >, resting on the kitchen bar.
 two men he did not recognize were sipping coffee and munching sweet rolls.
 however, the litter remained, augmented by several dozen lunchroom suppers.
 it was amazing how they had herded together for protection: an enormous matriarch in a quilted silk wrapper, rising from the breakfast table;
 he imagined they were the kind whose tax returns were never examined ( if they were, they were never penalized ), whose children had no unhappy romances, whose names never knew scandal.
 by comparison, Fritzie and Laura Andrus were quivering fledglings.
 each shrub glazed with good health.
 McFeeley looked puzzled.
" ex-cuse me", he said in Berlitz English, and got up and left them, to bathe and dress.
 he realized that he had no idea where the telephone was.
 the clock on the mantel piece was scandalized and ticked so loudly that he glanced at it over his shoulder and then quickly left the room.
 they went shopping in the neighborhood, and bought two loaves of bread with the ration coupons they had been given in Blois, and some cheese, and a dozen eggs, and a bag of oranges from a peddler in the Place Redoute- the first oranges they had seen since they landed.
 since his Christ was to be life size, how was Mary to hold him on her lap without the relationship seeming ungainly?
 he improvised as he went along, completing a life-size clay figure, then bought yards of an inexpensive material from a draper, wet the lightweight cloth in a basin and covered it over with clay that Argiento brought from the bank of the Tiber, to the consistency of thick mud.
 he was told to ask for Rabbi Melzi at the synagogue on Saturday afternoon.
 when Michelangelo explained why he had come, Rabbi Melzi replied gravely:" the Bible forbids us to bow down to or to make graven images.
" but, Rabbi Melzi, you do n't object to others creating works of art"?
 Rabbi Melzi smiled at him with infinitely old but merry eyes.
 the model quite plainly thought Michelangelo crazy;
 when he wanted to emphasize, or get greater intensity, he added or subtracted clay.
 Juanita drooped about the place, wearing a haunted, brooding look, which Kate attributed to the baby's death, until the day a letter came for her addressed to" Miss Juanita Fitzroy", bearing a Grafton postmark.
 her mother wrote Kate of her grief at the death of Kate's baby and at Jonathan's decision to go with the South" And, dear Kate", she wrote," poor Dr& Breckenridge's son Robert is now organizing a militia company to go South, to his good father's sorrow.
 they all prayed now that the North would realize that peace must come, for Virginia had defended her land victoriously.
 the creature in feathers looked around and David saw the mad eyes, glazed with an insane fear.
 it was thickly settled by fifteen thousand citizens and laid out into pig-infested streets, mostly around the Battery, going bravely north to Wall Street, but giving up and becoming fields and farms in the region of Harlem Heights.
 husbandry was bounded by snake-rail fences, and there were grazing cattle.
 the gilt sterns of the men-of-war becoming clearer to him, the sides of the wooden sea walls alternately painted yellow and black, the bronze cannon at the ports.
 from the saddlebags, hung on a Hitchcock chair, David took out a good English razor, a present from John Hunter.
 he found tepid water in a pitcher and a last bit of soap, and he lathered his face and stood stropping the razor on his broad leather belt, its buckle held firm by a knob of the bedpost **h.
 he stropped the razor slowly;
 peasants puzzled Andrei.
 Andrei's skilled eye sized them up.
 he walked toward the center of the city to keep his rendezvous with Styka.
 Lipowa 7, Sobibor, Chelmno, Poltawa, Belzec, Krzywy-Rog, Budzyn, Krasnik.
 the Death 's-Head Corps took in Ukrainian and Baltic Auxiliaries, and the < Einsatzkommandos > waded knee-deep in blood and turned into drunken, dope-ridden maniacs.
 was Operation Reinhard the same pattern for the daily trains now leaving the Umschlagplatz in Warsaw?
 Krakow Boulevard was filled with black Nazi uniforms and the dirty brownish ones of their Auxiliaries.
" ten thousand zlotys".
 the men of our company had a dozen fights defending your name.
 Grabski's shanty was beyond the bridge over the River Bystrzyca near the rail center.
 Andrei peeled off five one-thousand-zloty notes.
 it was just me and Eileen getting drunk together like we used to in the old days, and me staring at her across the table crazy to get my hands on her partly because I wanted to wring her neck because she was so ornery but mostly because she was so wonderful to touch.
 I was crazy about her all over again.
 trust Eileen to squeeze all the drama out of a situation.
 Pat had been worried as hell ever since she 'd lost her job on that fashion magazine.
 he knew the fundamentals, and after studying with Fletcher for a time he approached Rector, announced that he wanted to be baptized and that was that.
 he found Elizabeth in the parlor and asked her to make sure everything was in order in the residential hall, and then to take charge of the office while the party was here.
 his lordship was concerned in the management of Drury Lane but, if there were no opportunities there, would he read and criticize her novel?
 when Napoleon's ship had borne him to Elba, French wines had started to cross the Channel, the first shipments in a dozen war-ridden years, but the supplies had not yet reached rural hostelries where the sweet wines of the Spanish peninsula still ruled.
 as they waited for supper they sat by the fire, glasses in hand, while Byron philosophized as much for his own entertainment as hers.
" the great Greek tragedies are concerned with man against Fate, not man against man for the prize of a woman's body.
" very well", she said," I 'll not catechize you.
 at the same time another child- this one of Shelley's brain- was given to the world: < Alastor >, a poem of pervading beauty in which the reader may gaze into the still depths of a fine mind's musings.
 now, under the impact of his wife's disclosures, he was brought suddenly to the realization that there was a limit to tolerance, however brilliant, however far-famed the offender might be.
 the guards lowered their rifles and their rifles and peered at Watson with sullen, puzzled faces.
 the man wheezed weakly, his fetid breath beating softly against Watson's neck.
 he was brigadier of the club's locker-room light infantry, and at one time or another declared war on Russia, Czechoslovakia, Yugoslavia, and China.
 the boundless blue air was stretched over the zenith like the skin of a drum.
 mrs& Horowitz was in charge of diseases of the nose and throat.
 will n't you step into the living room, where it 's cozier"?
 it was not as though she noted clearly that her nephews had not been to see her for ten years, not since their last journey eastward to witness their Uncle Izaak being lowered into the rocky soil;
 and the stiffly regal look of them, she saw grimly, lacked the quaver of age which, thwarting the efforts of her amazing will, ran through her spoken words like a thin ragged string.
 from the early evening lights of them which had first startled Izaak to look at her in an uncousinly way, they had faded to a near-absence of color which had, possibly from her constant looking at the water, something of the light of the sea in them.
 the name fell with lazy affectionate remembrance from her lips.
 here, too, she talked low, quirking her head at one or another of the places, most often at Izaak's armchair which faced her across the long table.
 he ran on his plump sticks of legs, freezing now and again into the sudden startled attitudes which the camera had caught and held on the paling photographs, all carefully placed and glued and labeled, resting in the fat plush album in the bottom drawer of the escritoire.
 they had closed over, absolutely, with the sealing of old Izaak's grave.
 he and Mark were the last of the family, and there lay the Cape Ann property which had seemed to have no end, stretching from horizon to horizon, in those golden days of summer.
 mark easily looked years older than himself, settled, his world comfortably categorized.
 he turned from the flying trees to look ahead and saw with an inward boy's eye again the great fieldstone house which, built on one of the many acres of ancestral land bordering the west harbor, had been Izaak's bride-gift to his cousin-wife as the last century ended.
 there was the day Uncle Izaak had, in an unexpected grandiose gesture, handed over the pretty sloop to Abel for keeps, on condition that he never fail to let his brother accompany him whenever the younger boy wished.
 meeting it without preparation as they did, robbed of anticipation, a common disappointment seized them.
 the covers slid down his skinny neck so I saw his head, fuzzed like a dandelion gone to seed, but his face was turned to the wall- there was the pale shadow of his nose on the plaster- and I thought, Well you do n't look much like a pig-drunk bully now.
" the kid 's froze good.
 Hans found him froze.
 this kid 's froze bad.
" not where he 's froze good.
 he was in his mid-fifties at this time, long past the establishment of his name and the wish to be lionized yet once again, and it was almost a decade since he had sworn off lecturing.
 he could no longer build anything, whether a private residence in his Pennsylvania county or a church in Brazil, without it being obvious that he had done it, and while here and there he was taken to task for again developing the same airy technique, they were such fanciful and sometimes even playful buildings that the public felt assured by its sense of recognition after a time, a quality of authentic uniqueness about them, which, once established by an artist as his private vision, is no longer disputable as to its other values.
 he rose at half-past six every morning, made himself some French coffee, had his corn flakes and more coffee, smoked four cigarettes while reading last Sunday's < Herald Tribune > and yesterday's Pittsburgh < Gazette >, then put on his high-topped farmer's shoes and walked under a vine bower to his workshop.
 then, when he had it pointed down the hill, he stopped to gaze at her through the window.
 every night they all went to Mama and Papa Albright's, and sat on the open front porch, where they could get the breeze.
 the ledger was full of most precise information: date of laying, length of incubation period, number of chicks reaching the first week, second week, fifth week, weight of hen, size of rooster's wattles and so on, all scrawled out in a hand that looked more Chinese than English, the most jagged and sprawling Alex had ever seen.
" vous voulez vos petits dejeuners tout de suite alors"?
 eyes swerved in the < patronne's > head, Alex coughed loudly, and the doctor, with a sforzando of chicken noises floating behind him, took to the stairs in long-shanked leaps.
 with that he hurried up the stairs, followed by her suspicious gaze.
 they' ve got a big vulture from Tanganika at the zoo here, with a wife for him, too, very rare birds, both of them, the only Vulturidae of their species outside Africa.
 seems like she 's willing, but the male just flops around all day like the bashful boy who took Jeannie May behind the barn and then did n't know what to do, and the people at the zoo have n't got any vulture chicks to show for their trouble.
 Winston apologized and quickly set the hat right.
 lovingly, she accepted, and so great was my emotion that all I could think of saying was," You 're amazing, you know"?
 in December I wrote her with authority that we would meet on the steps of the Hotel Astor, a rendezvous spot that I had learned was the most sophisticated.
 I felt superior to the neighborhood friends I was leaving behind, felt older than my years, and was full of compliments for myself as I headed into the subway that was carrying its packs of passengers out of that dull borough and into the unstable, tantalizing excitement of Manhattan.
 I looked for Jessica to materialize out of the clogging, curdling crowd and, as the time passed and I waited, a fiend came to life beside me and whispered in my ear: how was I planning to greet Jessica?
" I was full of booze and, well, a drunk is apt to do anything he says he 'll do".
 the attendant recognized me once more and said," What did you do about that office"?
 if it ever got behind me, the beep turned to a buzz.
 after a while the signal became a buzz and I knew he was behind me.
 his signal was coming loud and clear and then all of a sudden it turned to a buzz.
 I sat where I could watch the exit and realized I was hungry.
 I sat there with the faint odor of charcoal-broiled steaks tantalizing my nostrils and occasionally catching the aroma of coffee.
 what's that thing going buzz-buzz-buzz in your car"?
 I turned on the device again, half fearful that I might find silence, but the buzzes came in loud and clear.
" Canada does n't have much of this here juvenile delinquency problem, but we keep a night policeman all the same on account of the crazy tourists".
 keeping her frightened gaze on the men at the counter, she began to feel her way to the door.
 the fat man removed his apron, put on a greasy and wrinkled jacket, and zipped it over his paunch.
 kinda like a zombie?
" stupid fools- ai n't got enough brains between the two of you"- Grosse muttered, his head down, one hand playing with the zipper on his jacket.
 with a curse, Vince seized the thing nearest, a glass sugar container with a spouted metal top, and threw it against the wall opposite.
 as he chewed his gum and exuded wheezing breath, Marty smelt the reek of bad whiskey.
 Marty recognized the man.
 then he realized the utter futility of the idea.
 Marty's heart skipped a beat when he recognized it.
 he forced himself to stay frozen there.
 I could n't fight a dozen or so of 'em.
 he turned his head and said," Alvarez will definitely be in a back room at the Jai Alai Club on South Beach within an hour.
 we 've got one other call to make before I meet Alvarez".
 unless I 'm crazy as hell, they' re two of Painter's dicks.
 on this side of the Bay, Miami Beach cops had no more legal rights than any ordinary citizen, and Shayne's pistol permit was just as good as theirs.
 they were both breathing heavily, out cold, and Shayne did n't think either of them had recognized him or could describe him.
 he was fuzzy in his mind and, for a moment, helpless on the lobby floor, but he was conscious, and free of the weight of Roberts' body.
 Mickey was on his knees when Roberts turned on the stairs and the razor flashed in his hand.
 he held the razor well out to one side.
 this was going to be it now, any second, and what he had to remember was to keep his eye on the razor, no matter what, even if Roberts should feint with a kick to the groin, the deadly hand was his exclusive concern.
 still clutching the razor, Roberts came up into a crouch, shaking his head.
 he hit Roberts with his left fist in the ribs and the razor cut toward him feebly, then wobbled in mid-air.
 he went into the hotel and searched till he found the razor.
 he parked facing it and left the headlights on, but when he started into the tunnel with the suitcase, he found the illumination extended no farther than half a dozen feet into the passage.
 he had started to back into the turn when he remembered the razor in his pocket.
 he climbed down, went back into the tunnel and tossed the razor into the pit.
 Liz Peabody, he thought, might spend some time grieving for her lost lover, but he doubted that she would launch an investigation.
 instead of the usual straggling privet hedges and patches of bare dirt in most small-town squares, the building was hemmed in by a semitropical growth of camellias and azaleas and a smooth lawn the improbably bright-green shade of florist's grass.
 she was a large woman with a frizzled gray poodle cut and a pencil clamped like a bit between her teeth while she hunted and pecked on an old typewriter.
 Gaylor's obsession and Cunningham's chimera-chasing reminiscences had mesmerized him into thinking of Lila and Lilac, separately or together, as a legend.
 the sweat broke out on Mr& Skyros' forehead as he realized he had been actually thinking- hoping- planning- perhaps- Good God above, had not Domokous been enough?
 I tell you, I know how it is with you, my friend, I sympathize, and I 'll make it a special point- a special favor- get in touch, and get some stuff just for you.
" well, that's your business, Mr& Skyros", said Angie, and his dreamy eyes moved past Mr& Skyros' shoulder to gaze vaguely out the ground-glass window.
 she did not notice that the customer seized her purchase and turned away without a smile or a word of thanks.
 < oh, Katharine 's awfully nice, and pretty too, I like Katharine- Let's ask Katharine to go with us, she 's always lots of fun- Katharine > - Soon, very soon now **h #@ SIXTEEN @# Mendoza did n't wake until nearly nine-thirty.
 he seemed to remember reading somewhere that Abyssinians had large litters, and suffered a dismaying vision of the apartment overrun with a dozen kittens.
 she had swished away, she had been gone for a long time probably when Sarah suddenly realized that she ought to stop her, pour out the coffee, so no one would drink it.
 Glendora dropped a chicken and a flurry of feathers, and went with her through the drizzle, to the storehouse.
 there was no use in standing there in the drizzle, trying to find a link between Emile's murder and opium in a cup of coffee.
 a lighted lamp stood on the table that dusky, drizzling day.
 she thought as warm, drizzling rain touched her face.
 later, she apologized for the long scratch across his face, tried to explain she could n't help herself, that the panic arose in her unwanted.
 while they were away Blanche came into the office every morning, running things as she had always run them for Stanley, going through the week in a dazed stupor, getting things done automatically, out of habit.
 it 's not too much to assume that you will have a more lasting interest in paper hats than will Mr& Average Citizen.
 he was dozing, perhaps the only sleep he 'd gotten.
 long before he reached the protection of the stage door, Andy was recognized.
 motion picture cameras had been installed to film the audience, the reservation list was being checked out name by name, and a special detail was already at work in the parking lot scrutinizing automobiles for a possible lead.
 just do n't tell Ferguson that crazy opinion of yours".
 he went to the window and choked there with the fresh breeze on his face.
 once out in the street, the traffic was a gadfly maze in which he wandered stricken.
 jeopardize it now to correct so old a wrong?
 some people have luck and some have no luck and that, whatever people who prefer order say, is the size of it.
 Pam realized, to her surprise, that she had been almost dozing.
 there were no other names Madden recognized.
 the lawyer did n't know him very well although he saw him occasionally at some dinner party- Thayer, like himself, Madden reflected, was the extra man so prized by hostesses- and found him easy enough to talk to.
 you get back to the captain and tell him this: somebody 's going to take a shot at the prime minister, and Mahzeer is in on the plot.
 tell him under no circumstances to trust the prime minister with Mahzeer".
 Mahzeer 's the ambassador".
 Griffith was trying to clear his head of the champagne fuzz that encased it.
 Mahzeer and the prime minister are alone right now".
 Mahzeer's office".
 it was hideously embarrassing-" not to let the prime minister be alone with Mahzeer".
" he claims Mahzeer 's in a plot to kill the P&M&".
 and if by some wild chance Mahzeer was the man, he would n't dare try anything now- not after Docherty had looked in on the two of them to see that all was well.
 if Mahzeer was alone with the prime minister he could be arranging his execution while Hoag stood out here shivering in the darkening street.
 if Mahzeer was planning to set up the prime minister for Muller he would have to do it in the next few minutes.
 this would be Mahzeer's office.
 he and the prime minister would be back from the window, seated at Mahzeer's desk;
 they would be going over papers Mahzeer had saved as excuse for just such a meeting.
 Mahzeer would stand up, the prime minister would follow.
 Mahzeer would direct the prime minister's attention to something out the window and would guide him forward and then step to one side.
 Mahzeer, of course, would be desolate.
 Muller's would have to be one of the half dozen almost directly opposite.
 Hoag crossed the narrow street, squeezing between parked cars to reach the sidewalk.
 all were empty except one, and that one was jammed with letters and magazines.
 fresh scars showed that the door had been prized open.
 he realized now he had more than half hoped he would n't find him- that Muller would not be here, that the attempt would be scheduled for somewhere beyond Hoag's control.
 it was the posture which the men had come to recognize as that of Killpath defying his ulcer.
 on the right window, at eye level, in smaller print but also in gold, was < Gonzalez, Prop&, > and under that, < Se Habla Espanol >.
 mr& Phillips took a razor to < Gonzalez, Prop&, > but left the promise that Spanish would be understood because he thought it meant that Spanish clientele would be welcome.
 he wondered whether Needham was going to swear off gambling and get a steady job or whether he was counting on the income from Betty's estate to subsidize him.
 he said:" the crazy fool", half aloud.
 nobody, he suddenly realized, was saying anything.
 pulling off her face mask, she carefully placed the spear gun across the stern, then lifted her wet hair from her back and squeezed out the water.
 her face was frozen into the mask of a mannequin, her body absolutely motionless.
 a sharp pain lanced across Nick's chest and a bubble of air escaped from his tortured lungs, joining dozens of others that sailed lazily toward the surface like helium balloons rising into the sky.
 at once the excruciating pain in his chest stopped and he was seized with a sudden, wild exultation.
 ran a fair-sized farm.
 swears she recognized his voice, that Tim yelled, ' It's my money and I want it '!
 Bob Moore is plumb crazy about blue fishing".
 something hard grazed his knuckles.
 his eyes were dazed.
 but you realize, I am sure, how much old deeds incite to new ones, and you must forgive me if I tell you first of the old ones.
 he was sharpening his razor.
 was the man drunk or crazy or both?
 when he finally got the coughing under control, he realized that Pete ( all he gave was his first name ) was still waiting for an answer- he did n't even seem to wink as he continued to stare.
 he made the mistake of answering in an offhand way, and instantly realized that his skepticism must have showed in his face or voice.
 I was reminded, amusedly, by a poem of Kenneth Patchen 's called < The Murder of Two Men by a Young Kid Wearing Lemon Colored Gloves >, which Patchen himself read on a record against jazz background.
 and a blaring final chord from the jazz group.
 here 's the picture we want to leave for the fuzz- whenever the body gets found.
 in fact, nobody saw us, cop or citizen.
 we planned ahead only one step, a rendezvous for tomorrow when we could swap notes.
 he memorized them thoroughly and then we tore them into tiny pieces and flushed them down.
 there was much to grok, loose ends to puzzle over and fit into his growing- all that he had seen and heard and been at the Archangel Foster Tabernacle ( not just cusp when he and Digby had come face to face alone ) **h why Bishop Senator Boone made him warily uneasy, how Miss Dawn Ardent tasted like a water brother when she was not, the smell of goodness he had incompletely grokked in the jumping up and down and wailing- Jubal's conversations coming and going- Jubal's words troubled him most;
" on the side toward the horizon- the southern hemisphere- it is spring;
 < time > magazine reviewed it and suggested that the Federation Assembly Daily Record should be translated into the medium.
 absent-minded, subject to unexplained tears **h Jubal would have bet his life that if Anne were to witness the Second Coming, she would memorize date, time, personae, events, and barometric pressure without batting her calm blue eyes.
 it was night on this hemisphere, but the light blazed from the megalopolises of Australia, Japan, China, Southeast Asia, India, Siberia.
 Southern China, all of southeast Asia, southern India and Ceylon, these states of the Malay Federation spoke Bazaar.
 his mind turned the globe swiftly for him, and he visualized Africa, which used Swahili south of the Sahara Sea.
 so, for all practical purposes, it was an independent nation and by now had its own organized government ( unrecognized outside its own borders ).
 its citizens spoke all of the world 's surviving tongues, plus a new one called Lingo, a pidgin whose vocabulary was derived from the other six and whose syntax was so simple it could be contained on half a sheet of paper.
 Hal knew that when that side of Earth rotated into the night zone, Sigmen City would blaze out into space.
 her friends and professional associates would sympathize with her, not because she had lost a beloved husband, but because she had been married to a man who thought unrealistically.
 Mary was as frozen below the navel as he.
 they would sleep while the < Gabriel's > drive would increase the acceleration to a point which the unfrozen bodies of the personnel could not have endured.
 again, a force too strong for unfrozen bodies to endure would be applied.
 he had to study the recordings of the language of the chief nation of Ozagen, Siddo.
 the expedition that had discovered Ozagen had succeeded in correlating two thousand Siddo words with an equal number of American words.
 his duty was to write a school text and to teach the entire personnel of the < Gabriel > how to speak Ozagen.
 for one thing, the organs of speech of the Ozagen natives differed somewhat from Earthmen 's;
 it was true that they could be approximated, but would the Ozagenians understand these approximations?
 suspicion between member states still existed, but it was of about the same low order of virulence as the twentieth-century rivalry between Arizona and California over water supplies.
 gradually, he realized that the pentagon of Angel elders had vanished, and that the ritual learning dance of the nursery had been broken up.
 the Angels in the nursery were zigzagging wildly in all directions, seemingly at random.
 he would never have believed, without seeing it, that the bizarre little vessel could go so fast.
 a range of bluffs hugged the horizon, the color of decaying moss.
 he was n't likely to come down with hot chills and puzzling striped fever.
 there was a keening of wind, and a cracking of the frozen ground.
 insects there were on the world, but they were frozen solid during the night, only to revive and thaw in the morning sun.
 Ekstrohm walked through the alien glass and looked up at the unfamiliar constellations, smelling the frozen sterility of the thin air.
 nothing but wispy grass whipping in the keen breeze.
 shell people resembled mature dwarfs in size whatever their natal deformities were, but the well-oriented brain would not have changed places with the most perfect body in the Universe.
 so, for happy years, Helva scooted around in her shell with her classmates, playing such games as Stall, Power-Seek, studying her lessons in trajectory, propulsion techniques, computation, logistics, mental hygiene, basic alien psychology, philology, space history, law, traffic, codes: all the et ceteras that eventually became compounded into a reasoning, logical, informed citizen.
 Helva's civilization was not without busy, do-good associations, exploring possible inhumanities to terrestrial as well as extraterrestrial citizens.
 she had, of course, been exposed to and enjoyed a music appreciation course which had included the better known classical works such as" Tristan und Isolde"," Candide"," Oklahoma"," Nozze de Figaro", the atomic age singers, Eileen Farrell, Elvis Presley and Geraldine Todd, as well as the curious rhythmic progressions of the Venusians, Capellan visual chromatics and the sonic concerti of the Altairians.
 balanced properly between optimism and practicality, the nondefeatist attitude of the shell people led them to extricate themselves, their ships and personnel, from bizarre situations.
 it would not have occurred to her that it was curious for a female to sing bass, baritone, tenor, alto, mezzo, soprano and coloratura as she pleased.
 she asked hopefully, as she recognized the Scout Service uniform.
 B 'dikkat was sterilizing his knives.
 he endured the ministrations of the dromozoa without screams or movement.
 the dromozoa fed him in their mysterious way;
 Mercer squeezed the man's shoulder.
 the half-man woke, recognized Mercer and gave him a healthily sleepy grin.
 the half-man received a dromozootic implant, turned red in the face, shouted senselessly at Mercer," Take it out, you fool!
 the bodies in the truck threshed and bawled without human speech when the dromozoa struck them.
 was B 'dikkat a crazy slave to his own duty or was he a man who had hopes of going back to his own planet some day, surrounded by a family of little cow-people resembling himself?
 the dromozoa kept him alive, but he did not know how they did it.
 those who could talk declared it to be the breathing of Captain Alvarez.
 time stood still for these people, and their load of pleasure was so commingled with the shocks and pains of the dromozoa that the words of the Lady Da took on very remote meaning.
 though they saw the old-style chemical rockets lift up from the field beyond B'dikkat's cabin, they did not make plans to hide among the frozen crop of transmuted flesh.
 but all of this was rationalization.
 he stopped every few minutes and leaned on his shovel as he studied the horizon, but nothing happened, each day dragging out with monotonous calm.
 Morgan watched the two figures for a time, puzzled.
 when they were closer and he saw that one was a woman, he was more puzzled than ever.
 the boy came on to the porch and sat down, his gaze on Morgan as if half expecting him to shoot and not really caring.
 her eyes were glazed as if she did n't hear or even see him.
 her blond hair was frowzy, her dress torn in several places, and her shoes were so completely worn out that they were practically no protection.
 she was amazingly light, and so relaxed in his arms that he was n't even sure she was conscious.
 I do n't know yet, it 's crazy;
 the clouds parted and hard gashes of sunlight swooped down to stain the earth with streaks of white and gold light so that the shadows of the running horses flowed like dark streams over the dazzling snow.
 about a dozen animals were held inside the stockade, as best Mike could make out in the moonlight.
 Mike struck with the muzzle of the pistol.
 Mike, off balance, managed to bat the muzzle away a moment before it exploded.
 all were carrying guns they had seized up, but they were half-clad or hardly clad at all.
 Mike seized a blanket from a pallet in a corner, spread it on the floor and used it to form a bag in which he placed his booty.
 they realized the truth.
 one struck the muzzle of one of the rifles that projected from the shoulder pack.
 guerrillas were only a dozen yards away, charging the house.
 the blaze was spreading to the frame buildings.
 the guerrillas realized they faced a new problem.
 a sizable supply of powder had been touched off.
 I squeezed the trigger.
 far up the valley I could see the Rees circling and reorganizing.
 a horse screamed as it twisted from side to side in a frenzy.
" you could burn down this whole mountainside with a fire that size.
 his name's Joseph Sanchez.
 there was brush, and stands of pine that no grass could grow under, and places so steep that cattle would n't stop to graze.
 there was an artificial lake just out of sight in the first stand of trees, fed by a half dozen springs that popped out of the ground above the hillside orchard.
 a warm breeze played across it, moving it like waves.
 this impressed me, until I realized how limited was his sphere of influence.
 the morning's tabloids were on the counter, and a stack of dog-eared men's magazines.
 I could observe the two fans down at the end, but their size in themselves meant nothing to me as long as I had no measure of comparison.
 this desire, I went on, growing voluble as my conviction was aroused, had mounted at such a rate recently that I now found its realization necessary not only to my physical but also to my spiritual wellbeing.
 the sergeant froze.
 #CHAPTER TWO# BARTON 'S MEN CUT the telegraph wires in half a dozen places, carrying away whole sections to make repairs more difficult.
 there a dozen giant monitors played their seventy-five-foot jets of water against the huge seam of tertiary gravel which was the mountainside.
 the eyes always held Hague, eyes of a dead man, lidless as a lizard 's, with the fixed intensity of a cobra.
 Hague squeezed down his uneasy dislike.
 not a breeze exactly, but a pocket of icy air that settled with a loathsome familiarity upon the deep confines of the grove, catching Pamela in a leering embrace.
" I want to tell you something Thomas DeMontez Lord.
 lips pursed mournfully, he stared down at its crazily sagging left side.
 he seemed to be fighting not one man but a dozen.
 even as she called to the children, Conchita let her gaze seek Tom Brannon.
 he was in earnest conversation with her father and the old vaquero, Luis Hernandez.
 he 'd told Hank Maguire and Luis Hernandez about his wife's refusal to come with him and about what he now intended to do.
 finally Hernandez said," I could offer you advice, Tomas, but you would n't heed it".
 Hernandez looked suddenly uncertain.
 finally Luis Hernandez said," What must be, must be.
 with him were Hank Maguire, Luis Hernandez, and Luis's son Pedro.
 the Ramirez brothers were also along.
 they reined in before the town marshal's office, a box-sized building on Main Street.
 it was secured by an oversized padlock.
 Miguel and Arturo Ramirez remained on the veranda to keep Harper from interfering.
 after walking out to his corral that morning, he 'd been amazed to see the dust puff up in front of his feet.
 for less than a dozen miles from the unplowed land of the dead man lived another settler who had ignored the warnings that his existence might be foreclosed on- a blatant and defiant rustler named Fred Powell.
 the tall sunburnt rustler-hunter stared in amazement.
 I heard o' Texas cattlemen wrappin' a cow thief up in green hides and lettin' the sun shrink 'em and squeeze him to death.
 jury, judge and executioner were riding the range in the form of a single unknown figure that could materialize anywhere, at any time, to dispense an ancient brand of justice the men of the new West had believed long outdated.
 apparently sensing this, and realizing that it gave him an advantage, Jess became bold.
 then, with a glory that almost wiped out the deep, downward sags in her careworn face, Matilda leaned over the wheel and shouted to Hez, who was stumbling along in the heat and the dust on the opposite side of the wagon" Pa!
 Hez asked, who still believed they' d have them to lick.
 by then Hez could see for himself, and so could the others.
 even strange names seemed to make them feel closer to some kind of civilization when stumbled across out here in this wilderness.
 already a few hardy folk from their own train were zealously chipping away at the register rocks, leaving their own records along with those made by the earlier trains.
 soon she saw Rod and Hez moving over to join them.
 leaning forward in her chair, Gran nearsightedly scrutinized Dan's face.
 Dan asked Hez, who had limped back from his team to hold the notched-stick chair braces in place while his boys swung up the tailgate and tied it tight at the ends.
 Hez looked up at the high face of Emigrant Rock, official signboard for the Raft River turnoff, and gloated," Seems funny that them Burnsides never took time to leave their John-Henry up thar".
" reckon ye 're right, Dan", Hez called back over his shoulder.
" we 'll double teams zigzagging up the mountain, Harmony", he spoke reassuringly, concerned by the pinched look around her mouth.
 Russ visited two places without result and his blood pressure was down to zero.
 a man knocked the roulette ball about idly in its track, and another dozed at one of the card tables.
 Stevens was grunting over the last empty pocket when Russ abruptly rose and lunged toward Carmer's hat, which had tumbled half-a-dozen feet away when he first fell.
 straightening up, his eyes ablaze, he held out the battered Stetson.
 setting a course straight for the house, he was covering ground fast when an angry bee buzzed past close to his face.
 Fleischman with eight was to patrol the Leyte Gulf area, with his main task to get any < kamikaze > before they got to the ships.
" zeros"!
 forced to realize that this was the end of a very short line I scanned a road marker and discovered what the end of a slightly longer line would be for the old Mexican: Moriarty, New Mexico.
 ## Autos whizzed past.
 white-shirted and conservatively-cravated drivers stared conspicuously toward the eastern horizon and past my supplicating and accusing gaze.
 squeezing a look between Johnson's fat jowls and the car frame a handsome and still darkhaired lady inquired" Y' all drahve"?
 I seized the rack and made a western-style flying-mount just in time, one of my knees mercifully landing on my duffel bag- and merely wrecking my camera, I was to discover later- my other knee landing on the slivery truck floor boards and- but this is no medical report.
 gracias", I hollered, my first long swallow filling me with confidence and immediately doubling the size of my Spanish vocabulary.
 no sooner had I started drinking than the driver started zigzagging the truck.
 eyes like hot honey, eyes that sizzled.
 she jerked the coat back on and squeezed it around her again, but not soon enough.
 and you recognized me"?
 the finished- and drastically cut- product would begin with a hazy longshot of Joyce entering the suds, then bursting above the pool's surface clad in layers of lavender lather, and I had a hunch this item was going to sell tons and tons of soap;
 he wanted a few stills for magazine ads, he said.
 she realized I 'd have to notify the police, but fervently hoped I could avoid mentioning her name.
 lights blazed in the big house and surrounding grounds.
 my new Aunt was perhaps three or four years older than I and it had been a long time since I had seen as gorgeous a woman who oozed sex.
 her legs were the full, sexy kind, full bodied like a rare wine and just as tantalizing to the appetite;
 even as she was telling me about it I became aware of a give-away flush that suffused her neck and moved upwards to her cheeks, and subconsciously I realized that when she entered the store she did not switch on the lights.
 even as I said it I realized that an education can be invaluable.
 we made a rendezvous tomorrow evening at nine on some street near Lake Ponchartrain.
 you are both the same size.
 shortly before nine I drove my jalopy to the street facing the Lake and parked the car in shadows far enough away from the rendezvous corner but near enough to keep the corner in clear view.
 Nicolas called on his muse, a line came back:" < Squaresville, man, and all the > palazzos < are crummy > Palasts".
 Meredith's fingers slowed and stopped over a line before him: < sie la^cheln, die Schwarzen Hexen >.
 he sneezed.
 it would be literary license calculated to glamorize life to say that he, oh, dropped his napkin, so startled was he by Mary Jane's beauty.
 opening these he brought out a schnapps bottle and small gold thimble-sized glasses hidden inside it.
 < steinha^ger > **h" She whispered < Steinha^ger > to herself, several times, memorizing it.
 the husband points the steps out with his flashlight:" < Its white stare filling her pale eyes To the blind brim with appetite, Bleaching her hands that grazed my thighs And sent us from the table in surprise To let the dishes soak all night, >" ( Mary Jane asked herself if Meredith was blushing at this line, or was it the fire?
 for three days, their stolid oxen had plodded up a blazing valley as flat and featureless as a dead sea.
 and the valley stretched endlessly out ahead, scorched and baked and writhing in its heat, until it vanished into the throbbing wall of fiery orange brown haze.
 his blue eyes sought the shimmering sea of haze ahead.
 to his puzzlement, there suddenly was no haze.
 the valley lay clear, and open to the eye, right up to the sharp-limbed line of gaunt, scoured hills that formed the horizon twenty miles ahead.
 too late, he realized that in turning, he had wheeled them onto a patch of sandy ground, instead of atop a grade or ridge.
 frozen, they stared at it whirling down the valley, gouging and spitting out boulders and chunks of earth like a starving hound dog cracking marrowbones.
 the heavens opened, pelting them with hail the size of walnuts.
 his long nose wiggled at the smells of frizzling bacon and heating java, but the fire was low, and he wanted to waste no time.
 I suppose a Lascar sailor had sneaked a cigarette in the hold and touched off the blaze.
 the big man with the whitened hair murmured something: his words sounded as if they were in the Manu tongue, which I recognized, having studied the dialect in my Anthropology 6, class at the University of Chicago.
 I was puzzled by the remark, then I recalled the voice of mild Professor Howard Griggs three years ago in a university lecture on primitive societies.
 the place is inhabited by several hundred warlike women who are anachronisms of the Twentieth Century- stone age amazons who live in an all-female, matriarchal society which is self-sufficient".
 indeed, you would n't live long, for the females either drive the men they' ve seized from neighboring islands back to their boats after exploiting them for amatory purposes, or they destroy them by revolting but ingenious methods.
 Foster Lukuklu Frayne made a sign over his heart with his two linked thumbs: I recognized it as an ancient Manu gesture intended to propitiate the Devil.
 our lifeboat was filling rapidly and despite what I had heard of the inhabitants of Eromonga, I was glad to see a long and graceful outrigger manned by three bronzed girls glide out of a lagoon into the open sea and toward our craft.
 I saw a dozen or so other outriggers moored there.
 many small bones protruded crazily from the shreds of flesh.
 at a nod from Songau, four lithe and muscular girls darted to Frayne's side and seized him by the arms.
 ( her account was later confirmed by the Scobee-Frazier Expedition from the University of Manitoba in 1951.
 ) from L' Turu, I heard that until about 1850 the people of this island- which was about the size of Guam or smaller- had been of both sexes, and that the normal family life of Melanesian tribes was observed here with minor variations.
 but in the middle of the last century an island woman named" Karipo" seized a spear in the heat of an inter-tribal battle and rallied the women after their men had fled.
 she quickly exploited the exalted position she now occupied, by harassing the disorganized males and even putting many of them to death.
" I guess he spent the morning getting himself all organized, then headed for home.
 then he would realize they were really things that only he himself could think.
 with this realization, sometimes, he saw himself as he looked down.
 one tiny detail in a happening can clog the memory and stick like meat in a crooked tooth, while the rest of the occurrence will go hazy and uncertain.
 after what seemed several seconds, the open mouth grew dark inside then blood began to ooze from it.
 even yet there was no realization in his eyes.
 an incoherent, puzzled sound came from the red mouth.
" I realize that this is hardly the time to say it, Penny", said Keith.
 he knew how to shoot down Nazis.
 the other half he did n't like to recognize, even to himself.
 and he would have enjoyed it just as much if he had been a Nazi.
 nowadays, we talk as though the blitz were just a short skirmish.
 the Nazis bombed Britain, so the RAF retaliated and shot them all down.
 it was a war of nerves, of stamina, of dogged endurance in which the stupid insistence of the British on their right to their own country became ultimately an unsurmountable obstacle to the Nazis, who were better organized and technically superior.
 the Command offices were in the border country, up north, where the radar systems centralized their intelligence reports, and the fighters were dispatched to harry the enemy.
 the Nazis knew this, of course, and while their chief quarry was the industrial centers, they let a few drop every time they went over, hoping for a lucky hit.
 I 've been that far half a dozen times.
 Waddell had looked the man over, trying to size him up.
 in the leafiest part of the tree, straddling a broad horizontal limb, he could see over the meadow.
 his superiors had emphasized that marines tortured others for the sheer pleasure.
 a wave of flame rippling through their cave had reached Nagamo, his friend, and with a shriek the man bolted through the entrance, then slowed to the jerky walk of a puppet, his uniform blazing.
 apprehensively he peered to the left, to the right into the leafy, vine-crisscrossed maze.
 taking aim at the man's face, Matsuo squeezed the trigger up to the point of discharge, and then he changed his mind.
 Matsuo puzzled and grew anxious over the complete passiveness, concluding that he was the butt of a devilish joke.
 with a sudden decisiveness he lurched in Matsuo's direction, crossing the meadow in a zigzagging gallop.
 the marine's eyes opened, squeezed shut, then opened squinted in the glare.
 he sniffed and recognized it.
 when he rolled on the left side, propping on his left elbow, Matsuo seized his hair and pulled him back over.
 its blade was dazzling in the intense sunlight.
 he must have saturated himself in the drink, for the bullet not to shock him out of his drunken haze.
 he rode in at the head of sixty trigger-happy and liquor-crazed desperadoes and took over a livery barn at the entrance to Main Street.
 the law-abiding citizens of Petrie had gathered inside Kaster's Store, halfway down the street.
 he sized up the situation and shook his head.
 citizens took the view that a lawman was expected to risk his life on the odd occasion anyway, but this fighting fury of a man risked it regularly over a period of half a century.
 he came within an ace of being riddled with bullets during his long fight with the Doolin gang which terrorized Oklahoma in the 1890's.
 led by Bill Doolin, these mobsters specialized in train robberies but as a sideline they looted stores and robbed banks, making liberal use of their guns.
 and projecting wickedly through these curtains were the gleaming muzzles of six rifles, all trained on Billy Tilghman.
 FOR SEVERAL MONTHS now, Jack Carter, a big overgrown boy of fifteen with a fuzzy, pimpled face and greenish catlike eyes with a lot of red in them, had been haunted by a dream, a vision, of a Woman.
 this Woman had no distinct shape or size and no particular face, but she radiated warmth, a sweet warmth;
 she munched little ginger cakes called mulatto's belly and kept her green, somewhat hypnotic eyes fixed on a light-colored male who was prancing wildly with a 5-foot king snake wrapped around his bronze neck.
 he saw a pint-sized man with a graying spade beard and an unusually large head.
 suddenly there was a commotion upstairs, a despairing boyish shriek, and the strains of the waltz faltered and died as the musicians and guests gaped at an apparition descending the marble staircase.
 the excitement over Brandon's bizarre death abated and Madame Lalaurie's stock soared when she resumed her self-imposed chores of visiting the poor and bringing cakes and comfort to destitute patients in the county hospital.
 mrs& Victor Dominique, socially prominent and a neighbor of the Lalauries, chanced to glance out of her parlor window at dusk one evening and beheld an amazing sight.
 he held the black plastic kazoo lightly.
" what is with this < vow > jazz"?
" I 'm just a poor ex-jazz man, name of- uh- Boyd Smith".
" a charcoal pit, man", he said, indicating the slightly-smoking makeshift brazier.
 almost immediately they began to sizzle.
 real big, with shoulders out to here, and hair all over him like a grizzly.
 he guzzled down three-quarters of the strong home-blend and proffered the remainder.
 yet if he were not there, they would have missed him, as they would have missed the sounds of bees buzzing against the screen door in early June;
 calloused fingers, caressed only by the smoothness of polished rosaries, had swayed excitedly beneath puckered chins where tiny black hairs sprouted, never to be tweezed away.
 above the tongue, an aged yellow eye, sallow and time-cast, encrusted within a sphere of marbleized pink skin, stared unfalteringly at him.
 in two months she became a fat highly social baby, with a fuzz of flaxen hair all over her head.
 Maggie and Stuart pored over figures every night, trying to find how they could squeeze out a few pennies more.
 she picked up the baby and nuzzled her fat warm little neck.
" Evadna Mae Evans got all her baby clothes from Best's Liliputian Bazaar in New York, and I 'm sick and tired of hearing about Evadna Mae Evans".
 the temperature dropped to twenty below at night and stood at zero during the days.
 that kind of poverty was regarded as the exclusive property of the East, which created depressions with their stock markets and their congested populations and their greedy centralization of industries, protected by discriminatory freight rates.
 the Abernathys said it to each other a dozen times a day.
 Kizzie turned to go inside.
" make your confession to God, Kizzie dear, not to the congregation".
 he questioned God 's taking time to telegraph the message, but he felt better about Kizzie, and he took the sealed envelope from its pigeonhole, wondering why he had preserved it.
 there lay Grand Fair's Quinzaine, his own young parents' graves, but new life and promise for his sons, grandsons.
 Gunny symbolized so much that was unpleasant- Tolley, the indifference with which the Fairbrothers and indeed the whole neighborhood now treated her and which she would die rather than acknowledge to her husband, his lack of understanding and sympathy in her present condition, her disgusting swollen stomach.
 rhyme 'em up cute- Arcilla, Flotilla **h" Edmonia for her mother, she said firmly, Jennifer, for herself, and-" Kezziah, for Miss Kizzie", he suggested.
 so had Miss Shawnee Rakestraw, full of criticisms about the changes here, giving thanks that her dear old father had gone to his Heavenly Rest last year, saying how much she enjoyed her boarding house in town in inclement weather, was looking forward to Quinzaine Spa this summer.
 Miss Kizzie had been right snippy ever since they were married, though you 'd have thought a namesake would have brought her round.
 but when Miss Jen went over right away to return the call, Miss Kiz could n't have been very cordial, for she 'd come back before she hardly had time to get there.
 it made him pretty hot under the collar, after the idea Miss Sis had given him, to be told by Miss Kiz that her holy spa was all reserved for this summer < and next >, if you please, and that much as she regretted it, they would be unable to entertain Mrs& Robards and the children.
 he did n't tell Miss Jen, but she must have got word from the cook or nurse, who of course knew those Quinzaine nigs, and she really took a fit.
 Roy smiled- he < did > have a nice smile- took off his hat most politely, told her to hop in, and he 'd give her a lift to Quinzaine.
 Miss Kiz will n't care your comin', will she"?
 his stick ceased to be a thing to rest his chin on and became a pointer for emphasizing the finer aspects of his text.
 it must be that son who sat before her now, shriveled to half his size and half his senses.
 Tommy, of course, had never heard of a kotowaza, or Japanese proverb, which says," Tanin yori miuchi", and is literally translated as" Relatives are better than strangers".
 the war found him much too early, and its perils- and especially its awful boredom- were best forgotten in horseplay and elaborate practical jokes, and even now Doc had never found any stabilizing, sobering influence.
" you missed it", Buzz's voice said," You should have gone over to the Pagan Room with us.
" hi, Buzz", Owen said.
" tough", Buzz said," Listen, we 're having a stag dinner over at the Pagan Room on Friday.
 Owen wanted to be pleasant because Buzz worked the territory next to his, but he had n't come to Reno for stag dinners.
 buzz was a tireless instigator who never let his victims rest.
 they' re up there in that freezing climate and all of us have to try and help them".
 they must be freezing up there now.
 then he realized he was hungry.
 the women had a bright shining expectancy as they leaned out from the wall and gazed splendidly into the distance, while the men were stern but hopeful.
 Owen found Buzz watching chuck-a-luck.
 buzz had on a Hawaiian shirt and was carrying some sun-tan oil and dark glasses.
" we 're all going over to Lake Tahoe and try our luck at Cal-Neva", Buzz explained, still instigating.
" well, okay", Buzz said.
 the aimless milling about of what had been a well-trained, well-organized crew struck Alexander with horror.
 he bellowed orders and watched the alert response of some of his men and watched, too, the way a dozen or more turned their heads questioningly toward the shackled figure as though for further instruction.
 Alexander shifted his gaze to Spencer.
 and in a sudden wave of painful clarity, Alexander recognized a kinship with Spencer.
 the hazel eyes met Alexander 's.
 this was a training ship and the training would continue, but there was an element of frightful absurdity here which Alexander recognized.
 some of them ignored the texts and had apparently memorized the words long ago.
 I was amazed.
 you had to be stupid or crazy or immortal.
 but when she saw the children you have just visited, she wanted to take them away and put them out in the country, in the kibbutzim.
 or you could hope the parachute would n't open just so you could say you saw it not open, not because you meant any harm to Starkey Poe in his suit of red underwear, but mainly because you were tired of being an old maid- a thing which cannot admit when it thinks it might be pregnant, but must stand the dizzy feeling all alone and go on like everything is all right instead of being able to say to somebody in a normal voice:" I think I 'm pregnant".
 among us, we three handled quite a few small commissions, from spot drawings for advertising agencies uptown to magazine work and quick lettering jobs.
 the book could be < The Brothers Karamazov, > but it would still have the same jacket illustration.
 McKenzie, the art editor, took one look at my finished sketch and said," Nothing doing, Rufus.
 I said," Mr& McKenzie, it is as authentic as careful research can make it".
 McKenzie was as happy as a clam.
 he was one of the most prominent magazine illustrators in America;
 you saw one of his paintings on the cover of one or another of the slick national magazines every month.
 the corner of it you could see in the photograph looked as though it ought to have Velasquez in it painting the royalty of Spain.
 one of these days, I 'm going to organize a gigantic exhibition that will span everything that 's being painted these days, from extreme abstract expressionism to extreme photorealism, and then you 'll be able to see at a glance how much artists have in common with each other.
 I had studied with Burns ten years before, during the scholarship year the Manhattan gave me, along with the five-hundred-dollar prize for my paintings of bums on Hudson Street.
 I went to a retrospective of his work when I was eighteen, and I thought he was a contemporary of Cezanne 's".
 I made a lemon sponge, a light dessert, roasted a chicken, parboiled some frozen vegetables, so there would be something nice in the icebox for the weekend.
 I did my shopping, had my dentist appointment, and from there I went to the women's lunch at our parish church where we discussed plans for the annual Christmas bazaar, so that dusk was beginning to gather when I drove home in the late afternoon.
 yes, I had cried out that I knew she 'd do it, but without my fully realizing it at the time, it was a cry of triumph for her, praise at her deliverance from pettiness and greed- and guilt.
 and when they stood by the fountain in the piazza looking at Santa Maria he had to keep a straight face, not letting on he had been there with Alberto.
 early Spring came from her bed, from beside her half-drunk husband, Walitzee, and stood at the entrance way to her lodge hearing the mild commotion, the sound of hushed voices.
 standing there she saw Shades of Night come through the trees and stop beside the lodge, silent, almost imperious, her body taut, simply standing without speaking or moving while the wife of Walitzee waited, perhaps denying the dread that moved in her.
 the other women had come close now, their voices murmuring together until they stood buzzing in an angry knot, their threats mingling, rising, nagging at each other, each trying to make her indignation and anger felt.
 and Early Spring seized the whip and said:" if you must flog someone, let it be her, your daughter.
 she retreated before the naked shame in the old man and the fury beyond it and sank into the darkness of her lodge where Walitzee stirred, mumbling, sitting up in a half stupor to say:" what worrisome thing happens?
 she felt the lash bite and heard her father say in crazed monosyllables words which had no meaning, like," unnnt!
 Walitzee was among them, and Sarpsis, and they wore red blankets which flew like broad wings in the air of their passing.
 at times they would ride frenziedly through the camp, letting the women see their courage, how handsome they were in their regalia.
 Walitzee whitened his leggings with clay, knowing the girl watched from her place in the trees.
 he recognized his jacket and trousers.
 Sam would be amazed to find him gone.
 this was some freak, two strands of adhesive tape across his nose, like ugly roots from the mass of gauze, suddenly moist over his cheekbones.
 she stood gazing at him.
 she was wearing some sort of gray blazer.
 Pietro was gazing at him in an insolent, disdainful fashion;
 he could not stop to analyze.
 remembering that succession of disasters, she now considered Cathy, an ominous child-cloud on her horizon.
" no", Susan said, grappling with her outsized armload of dolls with a Scrooge-like effect.
 and at this point, Lucy thought, there should be a lecture on little cousins' sharing dolls- but she could sympathize with Susan;
 the day was brilliant around her- flower-scented, crisp with breeze- yet her inner turmoil darkened it.
 there were new yellow curtains, bright as a child's life ought to be, a new bedspread, lively with hopping rabbits, and hanging from the ceiling was an airy Mother Goose Mobile, spinning slowly in the breeze.
 puzzled, Lucy stared at the flowered wallpaper;
 just before Myra left- She was saying good-by to Cathy, and she did n't realize I was near".
 for eleven days they' d done the same thing, leaving the cottage quietly before breakfast, before Esperanza Beach got jammed with tourists and beach balls and show-offy lifeguards.
 ) he was the first astronaut on the moon, chosen because of his small size and intrepid nature.
 strength began to zip up and down his chest.
 someone 's walking past, you want to stop him, < zoooop >, snag him around the neck with the crook in your cane.
" his real name's DiMaggio, only we call him Maggie because he has to take tranquilizers.
 as for dancing- holy mackerel, he ought to see the gypsies in Jerez;
 that he personally had an IQ of 141 and was currently reading the Mushr to Ozon volume of the encyclopedia.
 ) encouraged by her giggles he imitated Maggie who was crazy about ham.
" children, we 'll have to get organized.
" hurry up, we 're late", he said, noticing with a chill how gray the sky was this morning, the fog like a rope along the horizon, the choppy waves sending off sheets of blue and Kool-Aid green.
 but the continuing charm of the other children- Sally in 1940 and Jack in 1944- and all John's success at his work only made Edythe's dizziness and general uselessness more glaring.
 when he was made a vice president only a year after the new sales job, a leading business magazine ran his photograph with a brief biography in a series on NATIONAL BUSINESS LEADERS OF THE FUTURE.
 I must have dozed off, because I came to with a start at the sound of voices.
" you 're crazy", Wally said thickly.
 I grabbed her arm and she turned on me and for a scared second I thought that maybe Wally was right, and she < was > crazy.
 she was coming to her senses enough to realize that you do n't go traipsing off anywhere at two in the morning.
 now maybe they' d realize that life can be tough.
 little by little, during the week, Chris and I discovered the crazy unbelievable way Nadine and Wally had lived.
" you 're too lazy to go out and look for another job.
 a profession that brought me as good an income as mine was n't to be sneezed at.
 wants to get to her booze, I guess".
 but she seemed to be dozing and in any case, we 'd been talking in low tones.
 I looked at her in amazement.
 the many little tricks she knew made her embrace the ultimate one- the ever more fantastic pressures deeper in her body squeezed not me but the air I breathed into a nitrogen anesthetic.
 while a hazy part of my mind concentrated on swimming down, a clear part sorted over recent events, among them my only positive act in a long time.
 everything was glamorous to my dazzled eyes.
 I was turning over the idea of a good debauchery when I dozed off.
 I felt my frozen sad face crumble, and I grinned a silly one I could n't have helped.
 her name was Suzanne, and mine Stephen.
 England, France, Germany, Switzerland, and Italy had all been rendered for her time and again, and between the prescribed hours of pills and tonics, she had conceived a dreamy passion by lamplight, to see all these places with her own eyes.
 something special was going on here just now- the annual display of azalea plants.
 the azaleas were as large as shrubs, and their myriad blooms, many still tight in the bud, ranged in color from purple through fuchsia and rose to the palest pink, along with many white ones too.
 other people were doing it, too, sitting all along the wide banisters and leaning over the parapets above, watching the azaleas mass, or just enjoying the sun.
 somebody had scrawled American Express, Piazza di Spagna?
 < I 'm supposed to care as much now as then, as much here as there, > she realized, with a sigh.
 I 'll start sneezing in a minute, sitting on these cold steps.
 Carrozza rides in the park, the Colosseum by moonlight, he specialized **h.
 Theresa Stubblefield, still holding the family letters in one hand, realized that her whole trip to Europe was viewed in family circles as an interlude between Cousin Elec's death and" doing something" about Cousin Emma.
 of course, it was n't Anne and George's fault that one family crisis seemed to follow another, and were n't they always emphasizing that they really did n't know what they would do without Theresa?
 it never registered with them that I had time to real all of Balzac, Dickens, and Stendhal while Papa was dying, not to mention everything in the city library after Mother's operation.
 then, with a motion so suddenly violent that she amazed herself, she tore them in two.
 she became aware that two Italian workmen, carrying a large azalea pot, were standing before her and wanted her to move so that they could begin arranging a new row of the display.
 and I 've been told that just about every town, no matter what its size, has its Lucille Warren.
 I guess it was at that moment that I realized what I was up against in the person of Lucille Warren.
" it 's so crazy", I told him once.
 a couple of the girls were laughing rather shrilly and I realized they were drinking.
 Johnnie **h I suddenly realized he 'd been totally out of my thoughts all evening.
 it was still raining, and Mrs& Kirby's cottages bloomed through the gray haze like the names they bore, vivid blue and green and magenta.
 he dozed, only to dream of Vivian, and woke, only to crash into the night table, bruising his other shin.
 he took a yellow pill, only to choke on it, and went for the salami, only to find something alive in the refrigerator- something pink and fuzzy.
 but on further investigation, the thing proved to be a sweater, of the long-hair variety that sheds onto men's jackets- pale, pale pink and, according to the label, size thirty-four.
 must have really smelled up her sweater, he thought, and wondered idly just why she kept the sweater fast-frozen.
 she scrutinized him.
 the sun, blazing hot as prophesied, was far from kind to Mrs& Kirby's varicolored properties.
 when Charlie came up from the beach for his four-o 'clock pill, the whole establishment ( gaudy enough when seen through mist and fog ) looked like a floodlit modern painting- great blocks of dizzy color, punctuated at regular intervals by the glaring white of five community refrigerators.
" listen, wise guy, if you think < I 'm > gon na do all the fighting for this ball club you 're crazy".
 dazed, Phil said:" I do n't get it.
" you crazy"?
 when he was twelve he took to reading St& Augustine and Aquinas, then Lao-tse, Confucius, Mencius, Suzuki, Hindu tomes by endless Krishnaists and numerous socio-archaeological papers.
 in Charlotte, Richard saw a frankness and a zest for doing things which, after a fashion, he envied.
" but the point is", Charlotte said," there he was, freezing, naked in a little stream of water at Ryusenji, all in worship of Fudo, the god of fire".
 he had almost given up when he realized that the dropping of his biwa into the icy jowls of the black Pacific was the memory for which he had been searching.
 he went through a gate to stand at the edge of the water and gazed at the two thin falls which dropped from large spigots high at the back of the pool.
 the sensation he so overwhelmingly realized was one which told him he had been there before but he knew he had not, and could not recall any place he had visited to be likened to the limpid green water or the little fountain-falls or the green demon imprisoned beyond his reach.
 into a little well before the temple he dropped a hundred-yen coin and then he had an urge to sound the bell before the temple, to take hold of the rope and crash it against the circle of bronze;
 he pretended that the lath was a tractor and he would drag it through the dirt and make buzzing, tractor sounds with his lips.
 I followed it, looking at the brilliant colors on its tubular back, the colors clear and sharp and perfect, in orange and green and brown diamonds the size of a baby's fist down its back, and the diamonds were set one within the other and interlaced with glistening jet-black.
 the boy was there at the lower corner of the field, and he was in the plowed earth, stamping with ferocity and a kind of frenzied impatience.
 the boy stood off a few feet and he had the stake again and he was racing innocently in circles, making the buzzing tractor sound with his lips.
 he looked up at me, puzzled, and he swayed his head from side to side.
 Hanford realized he had enrolled his son four years ago.
 his son who had never held an office in any organization in the eighteen years of his life.
 he suddenly realized when he walked into his own pretty darned expensive house that he needed the Martini Anne had waiting for him.
 Cady handed her the letter, drank his coffee and waited with what he suddenly realized was belligerence.
" but he plays bass with Chief Crazy Horse and his Five Colts"!
 but I refuse to be brutally honest and mention Chief Crazy Horse and his Five Colts".
 Martin realized, later on, that he should have" had it out" with Dolores that night.
 he apologized so sweetly, I could n't keep being annoyed with him".
 the sound of their amazement.
 < bizarre: > he could hear the word.
 < the most bizarre situation.
 in a frenzy of excitement, he considered his plan.
 the knowledge kept him from analyzing his scheme to death, and took him through the last hours of that night in a peace of exalted fanaticism.
 as he relaxed that day, Martin realized how tense he had been these past weeks.
 they acquired another electronics factory, a specialized ceramics company, an organization that built- very experimentally- high-speed research calculators.
 the Allstates Auto Company, a medium-sized firm which manufactured four-wheel-drive vehicles and other off-road equipment, had recently constructed an over-large, modern plant in a burst of misguided optimism.
 the future of manned aircraft is in doubt, which affects government procurement, and jet transports have revolutionized the airline trade- one jet can take the place of three compound-engine planes.
" nor crazy relatives.
 the detective, commenting on Barco's behavior, felt that he merely belonged among the myriad citizens of our community who are mentally unhinged- that he was a more or less harmless" nut"!
 >" The next day the police captain, in derision, organized what he termed" Welch's Wild Goose Chase".
 a little later the district attorney woke up, emerged from under the couch, looked at his watch, and realized he had an engagement that very hour to address a meeting of the Culture Forum on" The Civic Spirit of the Southland", in the Byzantine room of the hotel where his wife, as president of the forum, was to preside.
 then, noting neither the absence of his footwear nor the presence of the rosebuds, he made his way to the Byzantine room and, with his usual dignity, mounted the rostrum.
 now the Czarship had not affected my own sense of social values, but Mother had attained a reflected glory through it, which had opened the doors of Los Angeles-Pasadena Society to her.
 there, Mother was received by the scions of aristocratic lines which are dominated by the Budweisers ( of beer derivation ), the Chalmers ( of underwear origin ), and the Heinzes ( whose forbears founded a nationally famous trade in pickles ).
 I realized that Hamlet was faced with an entirely different problem, but his agony could have been no greater.
 speaking into the phone again and recognizing the caller, I resumed my everyday voice.
 the yellow pages of the telephone book were amazingly thin ).
 Herb, an expert on narrow ties, thin lapels, and swatches, was men's fashion editor of < Parvenu >, the weekly magazine with the tremendous circulation.
 she patronized Greenwich Village artists for awhile, then put some money into a Broadway show which was successful ( terrible, but successful ).
 they were married at a lavish ceremony which was duly recorded in < Parvenu > and all other magazines and newspapers, and then they honeymooned in Bermuda.
 she always let it be known that there was wine in the pot roast or that the chicken had been marinated in brandy, and that Koussevitzky's second cousin was an intimate of theirs.
 I would n't have wasted time puzzling over this couple were it not for my fear that all the other inhabitants of Catatonia were equally unreal.
 after five minutes with Blanche, one might welcome the astringency of Grazie, who was a sort of Gwen Cafritz to Francesca's Perle Mesta.
 Francesca and Grazie were habitual committee chairmen and they usually managed to be elected co-chairmen, equal bosses, of whatever PTA or civic project was being launched.
 Grazie was mean: quietly mean, and bitterly, unfunnily sarcastic.
 Grazie had a small, slick head and her hair and skin were the color of golden toast.
 her uniform was of rich, raw silk, in a shade which matched her hair, skin, housepaint, and cats, and since she was so thin as to be almost shapeless, she rather resembled a frozen fish stick.
 like Herbert, they were all in communications: radio, television, magazines, and advertising.
 each had developed a hair-trigger chuckle and the habit of saying" zounds"!
 I never thought I 'd live to hear people chuckle and say" zounds"!
 these boys acknowledged an introduction to anybody by gently pressing one of his hands in both of theirs, while they gazed, misty-eyed with care, into the eyes of the person they were meeting.
 it was then that I availed myself of the rights of a citizen and declared the income tax unconstitutional.
 Albert Einstein was quoted as saying:" the workings of the woman's mind amaze me".
 I point now with pride to the fact that, long ere the Committee on Un-American Activities, the Minute Women, the Economic Council and other such notable" watchdog" organizations were so much as heard of, I was Hollywood 's leading bulwark against communism, fighting single-handedly" creeping socialism" against such insuperable odds as the Fascio-Communist troops of the NRA, PWA, WPA, CCC and an army of more than twenty-two million mercenaries whom F&D&R& employed secretly, through the transparent ruse of regular" relief" checks.
 did he trouble to memorize the very small part which I had" tailor-made" to his specifications, a role eventually cut down to three short speeches?
" bookies, booze and babes", Momma said bluntly.
 how in the world had he formerly found time to build up a business, raise a family, be on half a dozen boards, work actively on committees and either go out in the evening or plow through the contents of a bulging brief case?
 it might be that certain people were born with a compulsion to complicate their lives, while others could live blissfully motionless almost indefinitely, like lizards in the sun, too indolent to blink their eyes.
 to his amazement he reached him.
 there was a fellow named Blatz over Smithtown way.
 mr& Blatz had been at least sober enough to remember to telephone and he turned out to be the greatest boon that had come into Mr& Crombie's life since he moved to Highfield, in spite of the fact that he did n't work very fast or very long at a time, and he did n't like to work at all unless Mr& Crombie hung around and talked to him.
 so Mr& Crombie sat on a wooden box and talked in order to keep Mr& Blatz's mind from funny things.
 at the same time he watched carefully to see how one attached pegboards to stone walls, but Mr& Blatz was usually standing in his line of vision and it all seemed so simple that he did n't like to disclose his ignorance.
 while Mr& Blatz was putting up the pegboards and starting the workbench, Mr& Crombie told him of this idea about paneling the whole end of the cellar.
 mr& Blatz agreed that this would be pretty.
" by the way", said Mr& Blatz, packing his tools into a battered carrier," them power tools needs extra voltage.
 he followed Mr& Blatz up the cellar stairs.
 mr& Blatz sat down in the only unoccupied kitchen chair.
 mr& Blatz was already taking measurements for a shelf above the kitchen sink.
 her first day at work she was puzzled by an entry in the doctor's notes on an emergency case.
 the puzzled saleslady inquired," How large is your house, Madam"?
 when a customer asked for alligator shoes, she said," What size is your alligator"?
" it was only the other day that I saw something of yours, about something or other, in some magazine".
" comedy did n't die, it just went crazy.
 we now have not only what has been called over here the comedy of menace but we also have horror jokes, magazines known as Horror Comics, and sick comedians.
 the < Zeitgeist > is not crazy as a loon or mad as a March hare;
 recently, by the way, I received a questionnaire in which I was asked whether or not I was non-institutionalized".
" the world that was once foot-loose and fancy-free", he said," has now become screw-loose and frenzy-free.
 why do we not realize that no ideology believes so much in itself as it disbelieves in something else?
 he asked, between wheezes of laughter.
 #@# { THE ALBANY CIVIC OPERA's } presentation of Spumoni's immortal < Il Sevigli del Spegititgninino >, with guest contralto Hattie Sforzt.
 a dead armadillo, the sole occupant of the stage, symbolizes the crisis and destruction of the Old Order.
 old Order, acted and atonally sung by Grunnfeu Arapacis, the lovely Serbantian import, then entered and delivered the well-known invocation to the god Phineoppus, whereupon the stage is quite unexpectedly visited by a company of wandering Gorshek priests, symbolizing Love, Lust, Prudence and General Motors, respectively.
 according to the myth, Old Order then vanishes at stage left and reappears at extreme stage right, but director Shuz skillfully sidesteps the rather gooshey problem of stage effects by simply having Miss Arapacis walk across the stage.
 for example, when the film is only four minutes old, Neitzbohr refers to a small, Victorian piano stool as" Wilhelmina", and we are thereupon subjected to a flashback that informs us that this very piano stool was once used by an epileptic governess whose name, of course, was Doris ( the English equivalent, when passed through middle-Gaelic derivations, of Wilhelmina ).
 for the remainder of the movie, Chancellor Neitzbohr proceeds to lash the piano stool with a slat from a Venetian blind that used to hang in the pre-war Reichstag.
 as we find out at the end, it is not the stool ( symbolizing Doris, therefore the English ) that he is punishing but the piece of Venetian blind.
 after a few tortuous moments of wondering who" he" is, the camera pans across the room to the plaster statue, and we realize that Neitzbohr is trying to redeem himself in the eyes of a mute piece of sculpture.
 as he leads the Neurenschatz Skolkau Orchestra, Schlek gives a tremendously inspired performance of both the Baslot and Rattzhenfuut concertos, including the controversial Tschilwyk cadenza, which was included at the conductor's insistence.
 ever since < Bambi >, and, more recently, < Born Free >, there have been a lot of books about animals, but few compare with Max Fink's wry, understated, charming, and immensely readable < My Friend, the Quizzical Salamander >.
 cause of all this commotion: squat, pug-nosed, balding, hopelessly ugly Jean-Pierre Bravado, a Bogartian figure, who plays a sadistic, amoral, philosophic Tasti-Freeze salesman in old New-Waver Fredrico de Mille Rossilini 's endlessly provocative film, < A Sour Sponge >.
" I paint the nothing", he said once to Franz Kline and myself," the nothing that is behind the something, the inexpressible, unpaintable ' tick ' in the unconscious, the ' spirit ' of the moment resting forever, suspended like a huge balloon, in non-time".
 the collective by which I address you in the title above is neither patronizing nor jocose but an exact industrial term in use among professional thieves.
 any reputable French interne can supply you with a dozen similar instances, and I 'll presently recount a case out of my own personal experience, but, for the moment, let 's resume our catalogue.
 you 're tooling around full of gage in your hot rods, gorging yourselves on pizza and playing pinball in the taverns and generally behaving like < U^bermenschen >.
 he was talking to himself thirteen to the dozen and smoking two cigars at once, clearly a man < in extremis >.
 additionally, since you 're going to be < hors de combat > pretty soon with sprue, yaws, Delhi boil, the Granville wilt, liver fluke, bilharziasis, and a host of other complications of the hex you 've aroused, you must n't expect to be lionized socially.
